Title: Will Delta Air Lines (DAL) Stock Keep Flying After Beating Q1 Expectations_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 01-20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-dal-stock-012000502.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Able to exceed its Q1 expectations on Wednesday, Delta Air Lines DAL stock got a further boost as President Trump’s decision to temporarily rescind reciprocal tariffs on most countries (Outside of China), sent markets soaring.
With the 90-day tariff recension serving as a further catalyst following Delta’s favorable Q1 report, DAL shares skyrocketed +23% in today’s trading session. That said, Delta’s stock is still down 26% year to date and investors are surely wondering if the sharp rebound can continue.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Providing one of the first glimpses of the Q1 earnings season, Delta reported first-quarter sales of $14.04 billion, topping estimates of $13.8 billion and rising from $13.74 billion a year ago. On the bottom line, Q1 net income came in at $240 million, or adjusted earnings of $0.46 per share which topped estimates of $0.40 by 15% and was slightly up from EPS of $0.45 in the comparative quarter.
Notably, Q1 operating cash flow was at $2.4 billion with Delta's operating income at $569 million, on an operating margin of 4%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Due to broader economic uncertainty around global trade, Delta CEO Ed Bastian stated the company plans to protect margins and cash flow by reducing planned capacity growth in the second half of the year while actively managing costs and capital expenditures.
Given the lack of economic clarity, Delta did not provide a full-year outlook but expects Q2 probability between $1.5 billion-$2 billion and EPS in the range of $1.70-$2.30 which came in below the current Zacks Consensus of $2.62 per share or 11% growth. Delta expects Q2 sales at $16.3 billion-$17 billion, and in range of the Zacks Consensus of $16.71 billion or 0.3% growth.

Following the YTD drop in DAL shares, what certainly attracts long-term investors to Delta’s stock is the company’s cheap valuation. Trading at $44, Delta’s stock is at a 5.2X forward earnings multiple which is below its Zacks Transportation-Airline Industry average of 7.5X and is roughly on par with American Airlines AAL and United Airlines UAL.
Furthermore, DAL trades at just 0.3X sales and well below the optimum level of less than 2X with the industry average at 0.5X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

For now, Delta’s stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). While it wouldn’t be surprising if the rally in DAL were to continue, more upside may largely depend on the trend of earnings estimate revisions in the coming weeks as analysts digest the company’s cautious guidance and the temporary rescission of Trump’s reciprocal tariffs.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The $100 plan allows users to send five times more queries than the current $18-per-month Pro plan.
The Q1 earnings season will be less about what companies earned in the first quarter of 2025 and more about sizing up the earnings impact of the emerging tariff and macroeconomic backdrop.
Despite pulling its full-year guidance, Delta Air Lines' earnings report is actually quite impressive given the current environment.
Oil and gas exploration has created the world around us – but what future is there for this vast global industry if it can’t clean up its act (and image) and help limit environmental damage?
Business owners across Los Angeles who rely on imported goods are bracing for higher prices as Trump imposes steep taxes on products from several countries.
We recently published a list of 14 Best Farmland and Agriculture Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nutrien Ltd. (NYSE:NTR) stands against other best farmland and agriculture stocks to buy now. The American Agriculture Sector and Trump’s Tariffs At the beginning of March, the White […]
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Asana, Inc. (NYSE:ASAN) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after signing […]
Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) kicked off earnings season with a whimper, but the airline's relatively benign outlook was far better than some investors had anticipated.  The results provided a lift to the entire sector, with carriers including Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) up as much as 5.3% at the open.  The stocks gave back some of those gains as the morning continued, but Southwest was still up 2% as of 11 a.m. ET.
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CVR Energy, Inc. (NYSE:CVI) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after […]
BP pauses its Castellon clean jet fuel project in Spain, citing slower-than-expected market growth as it reevaluates low-carbon spending plans.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
