Title: S&P 500 Gains and Losses Today_ Index Roars Back After Reprieve on 'Reciprocal' Tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 20-57
URL: https://www.investopedia.com/s-and-p-500-gains-and-losses-today-index-roars-back-after-reprieve-on-reciprocal-tariffs-11711797?.tsrc=rss
Michael Bromberg is a finance editor with a decade of experience. He is an expert at elucidating complex financial topics in clear, concise language. Michael received a Bachelor of Arts in literature from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a master's in linguistics from the Universidad de Antioquia in Medellin, Colombia.
ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images
Major U.S. equities indexes surged after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause of "reciprocal" tariffs on imports from U.S. trading partners around the world, less than a day after the levies took effect.
After fluctuating in early trading, the S&P 500 screamed higher following the latest shift in trade policy, ending with a daily gain of 9.5%. The Dow advanced 7.9%, while the Nasdaq rocketed 12.2% higher.
The technology sector outperformed as stocks that had been clobbered by concerns about the impact of extensive tariffs clawed back some of their recent losses. Shares of microcontroller and analog chipmaker Microchip Technology (MCHP) jumped 27.1%, notching the best daily performance of any S&P 500 stock, while shares of power management semiconductor provider Monolithic Power Systems (MPWR) popped 23.4% higher.
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) shares, which have garnered significant attention because of the firm's artificial intelligence (AI) chips, surged 23.8%. The push higher for the stock came in spite of a downgrade to "sector weight" from "overweight" by analysts at KeyBanc Capital Markets, who cited downside risks to gross margins amid increasing price competition with Intel (INTC).
Delta Air Lines (DAL) lifted the airline industry by reporting better-than-expected sales and profit results for its fiscal first quarter. Although Delta announced plans to cut back on capacity growth in the second half of the year as it navigates the uncertain economic environment, its shares took off following the strong earnings report, gaining 23.4% on Wednesday. Meanwhile, shares of rival carrier United Airlines (UAL) soared 26.1%.
Telsa (TSLA) shares gained 22.7% in the wake of the tariff reprieve. In addition, the research firm Benchmark included the electric vehicle maker's stock among its best investment ideas, noting a more attractive valuation following recent price declines, the potential for a recovery in sales driven by a new vehicle launch, and potential catalysts from Tesla's robotaxi and self-driving initiatives.
The heaviest loss among S&P 500 constituents was on Dollar General (DG) shares, which slipped 1.9%. The stock managed to buck the downtrend in the broader markets this week as concerns about deteriorating macroeconomic conditions boosted the outlook for cost-conscious consumers seeking bargains at the discount retailer's stores. Dollar General shares also attracted an upgrade earlier this week from analysts at Melius Research, who highlighted the company's relative lack of exposure to tariffs.
Shares of MarketAxess Holdings (MKTX), which operates an electronic trading platform for fixed-income securities, fell 1.5% after UBS trimmed its price target on the stock. Although analysts lifted their first-quarter earnings estimates to reflect increased credit volume, they anticipate that lower pricing could restrain revenue growth during the period.
