Title: The trade war uncovers new economies of scale_ Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-15 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-trade-war-uncovers-new-economies-of-scale-morning-brief-100042287.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with: The chart of the day What we're watching What we're reading Economic data releases and earnings It pays to be big. That's one early takeaway from the tariff drama. Investors momentarily poured back into Big Tech after the administration initiated a temporary levy exemption that covers consumer electronics, networking equipment, GPUs, and servers. It's essentially another way of saying that Big Tech will probably be OK, as investors also look to the sector as a defensive play. Meanwhile, other sectors and companies still stare down a massive tariff upheaval. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's Terms and Privacy Policy It's a feature of American politics to want to avoid the appearance of picking winners and losers in the market. That phrase is often used as a rhetorical cudgel to attack opponents as bad for the economy. But one person's favoritism is another's industrial policy. If the market is consumed by the repercussions of tariffs, exemptions to those taxes can mean everything. The potential special carve-outs for tech, however, initially sparked a rally on Monday, fizzled, then rebounded. Part of this confused response from investors was the White House seemingly sending mixed signals. After the exclusions from reciprocal tariffs were first unveiled, the president said in a social media post "there was no Tariff 'exception' announced." He later told reporters that his goal was encouraging production to move to the US but added that the administration has to show flexibility. The tech titans hoping to receive assistance from the White House are showing flexibility too, or rather a willingness to support the president's agenda of bolstering domestic manufacturing and investment. Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years. That announcement follows other Big Tech commitments from Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), and Meta (META) to spend in the US. Recent trading sessions with wild upward swings have made one thing clear: Pronouncements on tariffs are the only meaningful catalyst for stocks in this uncertain moment. That goes for Big Tech too, whose trillion-dollar tickers are buoyed by global supply chains and customer bases all around the world. It's true that their size and market heft might allow these companies to weather whatever tariff costs come. But people are intimately familiar with how much, say, a phone costs, making a sudden upcharge on a finished product an unsavory consumer experience. It is, perhaps, the modern price of bread. Overall, the dizzying tariff news, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said in a note to clients, is "a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names." It creates the space for some sort of negotiation with China, he said, and can lead to a deescalation of the trade war issues that have left Big Tech caught in the middle. Their importance for American tech supremacy means, in a way, they are too important to fail, and the value they bring to the stock market makes the rest of the S&P seem like lesser moons in a solar system that revolves around them. But in this chaotic environment, the most important distinction of all isn't size alone; it's a tariff carve-out. Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X @hshaban. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance A slew of corporate earnings are expected in the week ahead as tariff headlines have been whipsawing markets. Here's why the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF (NASDAQ: VCIT) could be the healthy middle ground that you are looking for. What does the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF do? Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of President Donald Trump with this daily recap compiled by The Fly: TARIFF EXEMPTION: According to new guidance from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, President Trump has exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal NEW YORK (Reuters) -Citigroup beat Wall Street estimates for first-quarter profit on Tuesday and moved closer to its profitability target as its traders reaped a windfall from volatile markets that fueled client activity. The third-largest U.S. lender's earnings echoed those of Wall Street rivals, including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Morgan Stanley, whose results were also lifted by stronger equities trading. While industry profits rose, executives warned that U.S. tariff policies cast a shadow over the economic outlook. China’s suspension of critical rare earth minerals exports to the US could become a major headache for US companies, particularly automakers like Tesla, GM, and Rivian. Shares of major U.S. banks are surging Tuesday, after Bank of America and Citigroup became the latest lenders to report better-than-expected quarterly earnings on the back of a stock trading boom. Analysts at Oppenheimer and Bank of America reiterate bullish outlooks on the streaming stock ahead of earnings expected later this week. Consumers, businesses, and even the prospects for U.S. manufacturing are all likely to become casualties in the escalating trade war between the U.S. and China, trade experts said. President Donald Trump hinted that he might temporarily relieve the auto industry from “permanent” tariffs he previously imposed on the business. The president didn't specify how long the potential pause would be or what it would entail, but the auto sector is awaiting how rules might change on 25% tariffs based on U.S. parts, if duties remain on assembled vehicles. Experts have said short pauses aren't likely to give carmakers enough of an opportunity to adjust their vast global supply chains, though parts exemptions would certainly bolster the industry amid Trump's trade war whiplash. Donald Trump’s trade war risks triggering a global financial meltdown, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
