Title: Nvidia commits $500 billion to AI infrastructure buildout in US, will bring supercomputer production
Date: 2025-04-14 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-commits-500-billion-to-ai-infrastructure-buildout-in-us-will-bring-supercomputer-production-to-texas-143540782.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years as the tech industry looks to bolster its domestic manufacturing footprint in the face of Trump's approach to trade policy and desire to onshore more US heavy industry. As part of this $500 billion commitment to the AI supply chain, Nvidia said it is building two new supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas in partnership with contract manufacturers Foxconn (2354.TW) and Wistron (3231.TW). Nvidia expects to mass-produce supercomputers at those sites in 12 to 15 months. The chipmaker said its latest Blackwell AI chips are already in production at TSMC's (TSM) plant in Phoenix. Read more: How does Nvidia make money? Nvidia declined to answer questions about which of its products will be built at the supercomputer factories in Texas. The chipmaker's announcement follows commitments from Big Tech firms to bring manufacturing to the US as the Trump administration pursues aggressive tariffs that could have massive cost implications for global tech supply chains. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs Since Trump took office, Apple (AAPL) has committed to investing $500 billion in the US over the next four years. Contract chip manufacturer TSMC has committed to spending $100 billion over a similar time frame. Microsoft (MSFT) said it would spend $80 billion in 2025, with half of this investment focused on the US. Meta (META) has said the company will spend up to $65 billion in 2025, with a chunk of that cash going toward building a massive data center in Louisiana roughly the size of Manhattan. The White House was quick to tout Nvidia's commitment in a post Monday. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in the company's announcement: "The engines of the world's AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time." The executive had hinted that Nvidia would increase its US manufacturing capacity in near future during the company's annual GTC event as it looks to avoid tariffs. "We're preparing and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore," Huang told analysts in a call during the company's annual conference on March 19. Trump said on Sunday that he plans to announce a tariff on semiconductor imports "and numerous other things" this week. His commentary came shortly after the administration over the weekend issued reciprocal tariff exemptions for key technology imports, such as GPUs and AI servers. Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Bank of America and Citigroup post better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, a report says China ordered a halt to Boeing jet deliveries as part of the escalating trade war with the U.S., and Tesla stock rises after its chart forms a ‘death cross.’ We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ […] Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration. A small amount of money can go a long way when it's invested in industry leaders with well-defined catalysts. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
