Title: CAT Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates on Weak Volumes
Date: 2025-04-30 16:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cat-q1-earnings-revenues-miss-165400470.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar Inc. CAT reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.25 for the first quarter of 2025, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.30 by a margin of 1%. The bottom-line figure was down 24% year over year due to volume declines across its segments. The drop in sales volume was due to the impact of changes in dealer inventories.
Including one-time items, Caterpillar’s earnings per share were $4.20, a 27% decline compared with the reported figure of $5.75 in the year-ago quarter.
(Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Caterpillar Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Caterpillar Inc. Quote
Caterpillar reported first-quarter revenues of around $14.2 billion, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.5 billion by a margin of 2%. The top line declined 10% year over year due to a decline in volumes in its segments and unfavorable price realization and currency impact.
The lower sales volume was attributed to the changes in dealer inventories. Dealer inventory increased $100 million during the first quarter of 2025 compared with an increase of $1.4 billion during the year-ago quarter.
Caterpillar witnessed revenue declines across all regions, with revenues down 10% in North America, 3% in Latin America, 12% in Asia Pacific and 12% in EAME.
On a positive note, Caterpillar reported a record sequential backlog growth of $5 billion in the quarter. Its backlog is currently a solid $35 billion.
The cost of sales decreased 7% year over year to around $9 billion. Gross profit was down 14% to $5.28 billion from the prior-year quarter due to lower sales. The gross margin was 37.1% compared with 38.8% in the year-ago quarter.
Selling, general and administrative expenses inched up 1% year over year to around $1.59 billion. Research and development expenses were down 8% to $480 million.
CAT reported an operating profit of $2.58 billion, a 27% decline from the year-ago quarter. The operating margin was 18.1%, a 420-basis point contraction from the year-ago quarter.
Adjusted operating profit was around $2.61 billion, down 26% from the year-ago quarter. The adjusted operating margin was 18.3% compared with 22.2% in the first quarter of 2024.
Machinery and Energy & Transportation (ME&T) sales dipped 11% year over year to around $13.4 billion.
Construction Industries' total sales were down 19% year over year to $5.18 billion on lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization. The impact of changes in dealer inventories weighed on volumes in the quarter. Regionally, sales dropped 24% in North America, 15% in Latin America, 13% in EAME, and 12% in Asia/Pacific. The segment’s total sales were lower than our estimate of $5.39 billion.
Total sales in the Resource Industries segment were down 10% year over year to $2.88 billion. Lower volumes, due to lower sales of equipment to end users, unfavorable price realization and unfavorable currency impacts, led to the decline. Sales in Latin America were up 18% but were offset by a 14% decline in sales in North America. Asia/Pacific and EAME also witnessed declines of 14% and 13%, respectively. The segment’s first-quarter total sales were a bit higher than our projection of $2.84 billion.
Sales of the Energy & Transportation segment were around $6.57 billion, a 2% dip from last year’s quarter. Lower sales volumes and unfavorable currency impacts offset favorable price realization. Our estimate for the segment’s sales for the quarter was $6.73 billion.
The segment reported sales growth in Power Generation (23%), which was offset by declines in the Oil and Gas sector (20%), the Transportation sector (10%) and the Industrial sector (2%). Regionally, a 6% sales increase in North America was offset by decreases of 9% in Latin America, 13% in EAME and 14% in Asia/Pacific.The ME&T segment reported an operating profit of around $2.52 billion, down 26% year over year. Our model’s projection was $2.55 billion.
The Energy & Transportation segment reported a 1% year-over-year increase in operating profit to $1.31 billion, higher than our estimate of $1.296 billion. The Construction Industries segment’s operating profit plunged 42% year over year to $1.02 billion. Our projection was $1.39 billion. The Resource Industries segment’s operating profit slumped 18% year over year to $0.6 billion. Our estimate for the segment’s operating profit was $0.63 billion.
Financial Products’ total revenues rose 2% from the year-ago quarter to $1 billion. The segment reported a profit of $215 million compared with $293 million in the first quarter of 2024. Our model had projected revenues of $1.13 billion and an operating profit of $230 million for the first quarter of 2025.
Caterpillar generated an operating cash flow of $1.3 billion in the first quarter of 2024 compared with $2.05 billion in the prior-year quarter due to lower profits.The company returned around $4.3 billion in cash to shareholders as dividends and share repurchases through the quarter. CAT ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of around $3.6 billion, lower than the cash holding of around $6.9 billion at 2024-end.
The company anticipates revenues in the second quarter of 2025 to be flat year over year. Adjusted operating margin is anticipated to be lower compared with the second quarter of 2024, reflecting lower price realization and excluding tariff impact.
CAT anticipates an additional cost headwind of $250-$350 million from tariffs for the quarter, after accounting for initial mitigation and other cost control measures.
The company outlined its outlook for 2025 for both the scenarios, pre and post tariffs.
Excluding tariffs, CAT now expects 2025 revenues to be roughly flat compared with 2024, an improvement from its prior projection of a slight year-over-year decline.
Adjusted operating profit margin is expected to be in the top half of its target range, corresponding to the anticipated level of revenues. Caterpillar also expects ME&T free cash flow in 2025 to be in the top half of its targeted range of $5-$10 billion.
Considering the impact of tariffs, Caterpillar expects 2025 full-year revenues to be down slightly from 2024, maintaining its previous expectation.  Adjusted operating profit margin is expected to be within its target range, corresponding to the anticipated level of revenues. Caterpillar expects ME&T free cash flow in 2025 to be within its targeted range of $5-$10 billion.
Terex Corporation TEX is scheduled to release its first-quarter 2025 results on May 2. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for TEX’s earnings is pegged at 49 cents per share, indicating a year-over-year plunge of 69%.
The consensus estimate for Terex’s top line is pegged at $1.22 billion, indicating a decrease of 5.5% from the prior year’s actual. TEX has a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of 9.9%.
Hyster-Yale, Inc. HY will release first quarter 2025 results on May 6. HY has a trailing four-quarter average surprise of 12.4%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for HY’s earnings is pegged at 47 cents per share, implying a year-over-year plunge of 84%.
The consensus estimate for the company’s top line is pegged at $948 million, indicating a 10% drop from the prior-year figure.
The Manitowoc Company MTW is set to release its first-quarter 2025 results on May 6. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for MTW’s earnings is pegged at a loss of 10 cents per share against the year-ago quarter’s profit of 14 cents per share.
The consensus estimate for Manitowoc’s top line is pegged at $480 million, indicating a 3% dip from the prior year’s actual. MTW has a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of negative 73%.
Over the past year, Caterpillar's stock has dipped 8.5% compared with the industry’s 8.3% fall.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Caterpillar carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) at present. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (MTW) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Terex Corporation (TEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Hyster-Yale, Inc. (HY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Moderna (MRNA) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 13.70% and 14.95%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
- Investors have pulled $624 million from ETFs focused on environmental, social issues. - Seven of the top 10 ESG ETFs come from BlackRock. - The Trump administration has pushed for measures that are contrary to ESG ideals.
CAT's Q1 results fall short of estimates, with year-over-year declines in revenues and earnings. How should investors respond to this development?
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio