Title: Caterpillar: Q1 miss & record-high organic backlog growth
Date: 2025-04-30 14:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/caterpillar-q1-miss-record-high-140749060.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar (CAT) stock is fluctuating after the company missed Wall Street's estimates for its first quarter earnings and revenue, despite reporting a record $5 billion in organic backlog growth. Morning Brief hosts Madison Mills and Brad Smith break down the details of Caterpillar's recent declines and recent highs.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Shares of caterpillar, they are fluctuating here this morning as it's been oscillating between gains and losses, as right now it is flat, just barely to the downside after the company missed on earnings, but reported record organic backlog growth of $5 billion in the quarter. Shares, as you could see right now, they are sitting flat, just about 2/10 of a percent lower. Here's a look at the actuals versus the estimates here and it was a beat on revenue, slight miss on adjusted EPS, or excuse me, miss on revenue and EPS as my own kind of vision is calibrating here. One thing that my vision doesn't have to calibrate very much around is all of the parentheses around some of the segments and geographic region breakouts that the company puts within its earnings report. There were, and and that's not a good thing by the way, that just means that you saw a year over year decline, notably construction industries across every segment and every um region geographic region saw declines here in the US or North America rather, was down by 24%. And then additionally, in EMEA or the European region, that was down by 13%, Latin America 15%. Oh yeah, down 12% in Asia Pacific. What does it spell out? Not a great picture for one of the largest revenue contributors for the company here. But ultimately, one of the bright spots was energy and transportation, at least here in the North America segment there.
Yeah, tough headline numbers, when you look at that record backlog growth, that's what analysts are pointing out in their notes this morning, that $5 billion in organic backlog growth, meaning that future demand might be strong, which is a good indicator for a company that's obviously impacted by government spending on things like infrastructure that has obviously come down under this administration. And that may be why you're seeing these shares pop back and forth between the green and the red this morning. That backlog growth number, a potential positive in this print.
Masazumi Wakatabe, Former Bank of Japan Deputy Governor, and Hiromi Ishihara, Head of Equity Investment, Amundi Japan, discuss Bank of Policy policy direction, trade tariffs impact and Japan equity markets strategy. They speak with Haslinda Amin on "Insight with Haslinda Amin."
We recently published an article titled Excellent Earnings Propelled Prices of These 10 Firms. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Oddity Tech Ltd. (NASDAQ:ODD) stands against the other stocks that soared on Wednesday. The stock market finished Wednesday’s trading on a lackluster note, with the three major indices finishing mixed, as […]
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
The best mortgage lenders for bad credit offer FHA loans, accept alternative credit data, and have strong customer satisfaction. Find your best mortgage lender.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio