Title: Caterpillar Misses on Q1 Earnings: Buy, Sell or Hold the Stock?
Date: 2025-05-02 16:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-misses-q1-earnings-buy-165000221.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar Inc.’s CAT recently reported first-quarter 2025 results were not impressive, with the mining and construction equipment behemoth witnessing year-over-year declines in its top and bottom lines, and falling short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company reported volume declines across all its segments. The first quarter marked CAT’s fifth consecutive quarter of a revenue decline and the third straight quarter of earnings decline.
Despite the weak performance, CAT shares have risen 2% since the results, thanks in part to a record $5-billion sequential increase in backlog to $35 billion. Also, despite the tepid results, Caterpillar has not drastically slashed its projections for the full year.
The company expects 2025 revenues to be “roughly flat” with the 2024 actual, when excluding tariffs, slightly better than earlier projections. Including tariffs, revenues are expected to decline slightly, unchanged from the previous guidance.
Despite the uptick, the CAT stock has moved down 13.1% year to date compared with the industry’s 10% growth. In comparison, the Zacks Industrial Products sector has declined 8.7%. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has risen 5.7%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Meanwhile, Caterpillar’s peers Deere & Company DE and Komatsu KMTUY have fared better, with year-to-date gains of 13.3% and 4.7%. Another player in the industry, The Manitowoc Company MTW, has declined 10.9% in the same timeframe but fared better than CAT.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Before addressing the critical question of how investors should position themselves regarding the stock, let us dig deeper into the first-quarter results and evaluate the CAT stock’s fundamentals.
Caterpillar’s revenues declined 10% year over year to $14.2 billion in the first quarter on lower volumes on changes in dealer inventories and unfavorable price realization. Earnings per share were $4.25, 24% lower than the year-ago quarter.
All three segments — Construction Industries, Resource Industries, and the Energy and Transportation segment reported lower volumes in the quarter. The Energy and Transportation segment was the only one to deliver a 1% year-over-year improvement in operating profit. However, it was not sufficient to negate the declines in the other two segments. For more details, read: CAT Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates on Weak Volumes.
The operating cash flow declined to $1.3 billion in the first quarter of 2025 from $2.05 billion a year ago due to lower profits.
CAT ended the quarter with a solid backlog of $35 billion.
The company outlined its outlook for 2025 for both pre and post-tariff scenarios.
Excluding tariffs: Revenues will be flat compared with that reported in 2024, an improvement from its prior projection of a slight year-over-year decline. The adjusted operating profit margin is expected to be in the top half of its target range.
Including tariffs: Revenues are anticipated to be down slightly year over year, maintaining the previous expectation. The adjusted operating profit margin is expected within its target range.
The company maintains its revenue projection at $42-$72 billion, and margins are anticipated between 10% and 22%, per the respective revenue levels. This is shown in the chart below.
Earnings estimates for CAT have moved down 4% for 2025 and 5% for 2026 over the past 60 days. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2025 indicates a year-over-year decline of 13.5%. However, the same for 2026 suggests 10.8% growth.
Persisting Low Volume Trends: Caterpillar has been witnessing declines in overall volumes in six consecutive quarters due to muted consumer spending. The Resource Industries segment’s volume declined in the last seven quarters. Construction Industries’ volume growth has been in the red over the past six quarters. The Energy and Transportation segment has reported volume declines in three of the trailing four quarters.
CAT has also been impacted by the downturn in China's real estate sector, particularly for 10-ton and larger excavators, which was once a key market for the company. Weak demand in Europe added to revenue pressures.
The charts below show Caterpillar's revenue and earnings trends in the past four quarters.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Tariff Concerns & Contraction in Manufacturing Sector: The U.S. manufacturing sector underwent a 26-month contraction till December 2024. Even though hopes were raised of a recovery with the Institute for Supply Management’s manufacturing index moving up to 50.9% in January and 50.3% in February (above 50% indicated expansion), it was short-lived, with the index slipping to 49% in March.
The New Orders Index, which showed expansion with a 55.1% reading in January, dropped sharply to 48.6% in February and to 45.2% in March (the lowest level since May 2023). Rising concerns over tariffs led customers to scale back orders.
The company recently announced that COO Joseph Creed would succeed James Umpleby as CEO on May 1. Creed’s ability to navigate CAT through the current challenges will be closely watched.
CAT is currently trading at a forward 12-month P/E of 16.00X, at a premium compared with the industry’s 14.89X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Meanwhile, Komatsu and Manitowoc are cheaper options, trading at forward 12-month P/E of 9.67X and 11.9X, respectively. Deere is, however, trading higher than CAT at a P/E of 23.92X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Despite short-term challenges, Caterpillar’s long-term outlook is supported by expected increase in U.S. infrastructure spending and growing demand for mining equipment due to energy transition. As miners are increasingly relying on autonomy to increase productivity and efficiency, and improve safety, CAT has been focusing on enhancing its autonomous fleet.
In Energy and Transportation, the increased focus on sustainability and the establishment of data centers will drive the demand for Caterpillar equipment. CAT has been seeing growth in aftermarket parts and service-related revenues, which generate high margins. The company is on track to double its service revenues from $14 billion in 2016 to $28 billion in 2026.
CAT has a long-term EPS growth rate of 7.6%.
CAT’s 1.80% dividend yield is higher than the sector’s yield of 1.56% and the S&P 500’s 1.32%. The company has a five-year dividend growth rate of 7.7% and a payout ratio of around 27%. Caterpillar has a solid track of paying out higher dividends to shareholders for 30 straight years.
Deere has a dividend yield of 1.35% and Komatsu has 2.93%. However, MTW currently does not pay any dividends.
Caterpillar’s premium valuation, coupled with ongoing declines in revenues and earnings, and industry pressures, suggests caution for new investors. With a new CEO at the helm, how he steers CAT through these turbulent times will be a key area of focus.
Existing shareholders should stay invested in Caterpillar’s stock to benefit from its solid long-term demand prospects, backed by infrastructure spending and energy-transition trends, as well as its focus on growing service revenues. CAT’s strong financial position enables it to invest in its businesses and return cash to shareholders through share buybacks and consistent dividend payments. The company currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which supports our thesis.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (MTW) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Deere & Company (DE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Komatsu Ltd. (KMTUY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
- A new actively managed ETF from investment firm Regan Capital launched Friday. - The launch is another step the firm has taken to provide financial advisors access to the MBS market.
AEE's first-quarter earnings lag estimates, and revenues rise year over year by 15.5%. The company reaffirms its 2025 earnings guidance.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized […]
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio