Title: Caterpillar raised at Baird as negative catalysts now baked into expectations
Date: 2025-05-01 14:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-raised-baird-negative-catalysts-144128127.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Baird upgraded  Caterpillar  (NYSE:CAT) to Neutral from Underperform on Thursday, raising its price target for the stock to $309 from $300 a share.
The firm cited key bearish drivers for the stock have now been largely priced in. The firm noted that earlier concerns over dealer destocking, margin compression, and segment mix have materialized, and investor expectations now reflect those risks.
“The fundamental catalysts warranting a negative view...are at this point baked into fundamentals and expectations,” Baird analysts wrote.
The firm had previously argued that a needed channel destock, unsustainable pricing-driven margins, and weakness in Construction Industries (CI) and Resource Industries (RI) would offset strength in Energy & Transportation (E&T), but now says these factors are evident in recent results and guidance.
Caterpillar’s first-quarter 2025 report and forward outlook supported the shift in sentiment. Baird observed that dealer inventory levels were more favorable than expected, and that demand, while still pre-tariff, was outperforming peers.
“Demand...is clearly better than expected,” the analysts noted, referencing strength in orders, backlogs, and retail sales.
One key positive was said to be the absence of large sequential dealer stocking in what is typically the heaviest inventory build quarter.
“The channel [is] already starting to look lean,” Baird said, adding that inventories are now only 9% above pre-COVID levels, while pricing contributes roughly 24% to that figure.
Although macroeconomic risks, especially for CI, still loom, Baird believes Caterpillar is positioned more defensively due to an elevated backlog.
“We would look to use any additional pressure from a macro/recessionary reset to get even more constructive on the stock,” the firm said.
Baird maintains a watchful stance, but now sees potential upside should further macro-driven weakness create an attractive entry point.
Caterpillar raised at Baird as negative catalysts now baked into expectations
TSM named new top pick at Morgan Stanley on AI demand
CoreWeave shares jump as hyperscalers boosts AI spend
No less than two analysts upgraded their recommendations on the specialty vehicle and equipment maker.  This was thanks to a pair of post-earnings analyst recommendation upgrades, which brought a fresh wave of optimism to the stock.  In his view, Caterpillar now rates an outperform (buy, in other words), up from his previous tag of perform (hold).
The software vendor added variations to its family of large action models for on-device implementation, limited GPU resources and industrial applications.
VICI's Q1 AFFO per share meets estimates. While revenues rise year over year, high interest expenses hurt the results to some extent.
The construction equipment giant expects full-year sales to decline slightly if the economy contracts in the coming months.
Meta Platforms (META), Spotify (SPOT), Garmin (GRMN) and Match (MTCH) are among the companies launching the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience, a lobbying coalition to take on Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL) as legislation to require age verification gains momentum amid rising public concern over minors’ online access to inappropriate material. The group will lobby federal and state policymakers to enact legislation cracking down on the smartphone companies’ business practice
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Listed 20 Best Performing Stocks of the Last 20 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) stands against the other stocks. Discussing two decades of Mad Money, Jim Cramer took a moment to highlight the top-performing stocks since the […]
Nonfarm payrolls increased by 177,000 jobs last month after rising by a downwardly revised 185,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday.  The unemployment rate held steady at 4.2%.  It is too early for the labor market to show the impact of Trump's on-and-off again tariffs policy.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio