Title: Why Caterpillar Stock Crawled Higher on Thursday
Date: 2025-05-01 23:02
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/why-caterpillar-stock-crawled-higher-on-thursday/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
As nearly any investor can attest, one trading day can mean quite a difference for a stock.
So it was with industrial vehicle maker Caterpillar (CAT 3.04%) on Thursday; after being sold off following disappointing quarterly earnings posted the day before, the stock staged a mini-rally to close almost 2% higher. This was thanks to a pair of post-earnings analyst recommendation upgrades, which brought a fresh wave of optimism to the stock. 
Of the two, the more bullish was the upgrade enacted by Oppenheimer pundit Noah Kaye. In his view, Caterpillar now rates an outperform (buy, in other words), up from his previous tag of perform (hold). Kaye's price target is $395 per share, anticipating considerable upside of nearly 26% on the stock's most recent closing level. 
According to reports, Kaye felt that Caterpillar's first-quarter performance was better than many expected despite the company's double miss on analyst revenue and profitability estimates. He wrote that this shows the company's business is resilient, especially considering the relatively wobbly state of the global economy. He also feels that the company's share buyback policy will support the stock price.
A more cautious upgrade came from Baird's Mircea Dobre, who only lifted his Caterpillar recommendation to neutral from underperform (i.e., sell) while raising his price target by $9 per share to $309. Although the company isn't priced compellingly enough for a buy, according to reports, Dobre feels there is some potential in the energy and transportation and data center segments of its market. 
At the end of the day, Caterpillar's business is cyclical and heavily dependent on the fortunes of the industries it serves. Yet management is good at socking away for rainy days, and the company's business is robust enough to survive the inevitable dips. This doesn't look like a big money-spinning stock to me, but it could notch some decent gains in the near future.
Before you buy stock in Caterpillar, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Caterpillar wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $611,271!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $684,068!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.