Title: After surge to record highs, gold overtakes 'Magnificent 7' as the most crowded trade on Wall Street
Date: 2025-04-16 14:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/after-surge-to-record-highs-gold-overtakes-magnificent-7-as-the-most-crowded-trade-on-wall-street-143338618.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Gold has surpassed the "Magnificent Seven" tech stocks as the most crowded trade on Wall Street as the precious metal surged to record highs this year amid volatile markets and an uncertain economic backdrop.
According to the latest Bank of America fund managers survey published this week, nearly half of the fund managers surveyed (49%) see long gold, or bets that gold prices will rise, as the most crowded trade in the market right now. This marks the first time in two years that fund managers did not see the Magnificent Seven as Wall Street's most crowded trade, according to the survey.
Gold futures (GC=F) on Wednesday rose to an all-time high of $3,334 as investors continued to favor the safe-haven asset amid a falling US dollar (DX-Y.NYB) and tariff uncertainty.
Gold prices have surged more than 27% year to date, while the Magnificent Seven tech stocks — Apple (AAPL), Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), Tesla (TSLA), and Nvidia (NVDA) — are down considerably.
Read more: How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Tesla stock has led Magnificent Seven losses and is down about 38% since the start of 2025. Apple stock has fallen 21%.
Nvidia stock has also declined 21% year to date. In a regulatory filing, the AI chip giant warned of a multibillion-dollar impact from US export controls on China, which weighed on shares.
Shares of Alphabet, Microsoft, Meta, and Amazon — the remainder of the Magnificent Seven — are all down by double-digit percentages since the start of the year.
Gold's rally comes as central banks' demand hit all-time highs last year and as investors increased inflows into physical gold-backed exchange-traded funds (ETFs).
"The new highs in gold are signaling a shift in appetite for US assets," Ryan McIntyre, senior managing partner at asset manager firm Sprott, recently told Yahoo Finance.
"Confidence in the US has clearly been shaken, so people are looking to diversify."
Wall Street analysts have remained bullish on gold, upping their price forecasts on the precious metal even amid its fast ascent.
Some 42% of fund managers expect gold will be the best-performing asset of 2025, up from 23% in March, according to Bank of America.
The firm's survey also showed investors have rotated out of US assets by a record amount over the past two months, with 73% of respondents saying "US exceptionalism" has peaked.
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.  Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
Gold futures opened at $3,248.40 an ounce on Wednesday, up from Tuesday's close of $3,218.70. Gold's highest opening price in history follows ongoing uncertainty about changing U.S. tariff policies and the U.S. inflation outlook.
Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally.
Analysts’ medium-term profit estimates for Tesla (TSLA) could sink by 50%, BNP Paribas, a French bank, warned today. The bank cut its price target on TSLA to $137 from $150 and kept an Underperform rating on the name. The bank’s new price target is 44% below the current price of TSLA stock. Why the Bank […]
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold surged to a fresh high on haven demand as the dollar fell and tech stocks slumped after US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsBullion gained as much as 3.2% on Wednesday to climb above
Gold prices pierced the $3,300 an ounce barrier to hit record highs as investors sought a refuge from the turbulence surrounding trade tensions between the United States and China.  Spot gold hit a record of $3,317.90 per ounce on Wednesday, resuming a rally based on U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff policies, robust central bank buying and prospects of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve.  "Gold is re-calibrating to reflect the current state of world affairs ... If the price is telling us something, then it’s a distinct warning bell," said independent analyst Ross Norman.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to […]
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.