Title: Nvidia and Broadcom Lead the Tech Sell-Off Amid Market Turbulence
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 18-43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-broadcom-lead-tech-sell-184313368.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Semiconductor stocks plunged on Thursday morning following a dramatic rally the previous day, with Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) leading the declines and Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) also posting heavy losses. Broadcom slumped roughly 7% near midday while Nvidia tumbled more than 5%. Just 24 hours earlier, both stocks had surged over 10% after President Trump paused most tariffs for 90 days as trade deal negotiations unfolded.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
Amid this volatility, a separate report revealed that the White House reversed its plan to ban Nvidia's H20 GPUs for China. Meanwhile, other key chipmakers weren't spared. AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Marvell (NASDAQ:MRVL), and Texas Instruments (TXN) each experienced declines of about 8%, 7%, 12%, and roughly 8.5% respectively. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) and Analog Devices (ADI) also dropped 6% or more as selling intensified.
The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (SOX) fell by around 8.5%, mirroring the widespread downturn. Analysts have warned that Trump's tariffs could further disrupt the global tech supply chain and may lead companies to withhold earnings guidance in the upcoming season.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
The stock market ripped higher Wednesday—and chip stocks are a poster child for the rally.  President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs except for China, while keeping the baseline 10% rate on all imports to the U.S. in place.
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is soaring in Wednesday's trading.  The company's share price was up 14.1% as of 2:10 p.m. ET amid a 7.8% rally for the S&P 500 index and a 10.1% jump for the Nasdaq Composite index.  Nvidia's valuation is surging today after President Donald Trump announced a moderation on tariff policy and a 90-day postponement on tariffs.
After a face-melting rally yesterday that saw shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) surge over 15%, shares once again found the red today, trading about 5% lower as of 10:22 a.m. ET.  Analysts at Morgan Stanley issued a new research report on the company this morning, while the broader market gave back some of its gains, with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) down over 3%.  Although the 90-day pause from Trump yesterday removes what many investors viewed as a worst-case scenario, analysts at Morgan Stanley said, "This is not over."
Equity Residential (EQR) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in FFO estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
