Title: Nvidia and AMD Push Forward With AI Chip Strategies Amid Tariff Relief, Stock Volatility
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 21-27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-amd-push-forward-ai-212758235.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Nvidia (NVDA, Financials) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD, Financials) are taking major steps to expand their footprint in artificial intelligence and data centers as the U.S. government holds off on new export restrictions and semiconductor stocks face turbulent trading.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
Nvidia will continue selling its H20 artificial intelligence chips to China after the Trump administration decided against imposing new export restrictions, according to several media reports. The decision followed a meeting between Nvidia Chief Executive Officer Jensen Huang and President Donald J. Trump, easing investor fears that the company's access to one of its key markets would be curtailed.
The policy update came amid heightened volatility in semiconductor stocks. Nvidia shares surged nearly 19% on Wednesday after Trump announced a 90-day pause on most tariffsexcluding those targeting Chinabefore falling 5.8% to close at $107.74 on Thursday.
The company also introduced its latest product, the Blackwell Ultra AI chips, at the recent GPU Technology Conference. The new chips aim to meet growing demand for high-performance computing power in AI development and are expected to further strengthen Nvidia's market position as competitors ramp up their own efforts.
AMD, meanwhile, closed a $4.9 billion acquisition of ZT Systems, a data-center hardware provider. The deal is expected to help AMD expand its product offerings for major cloud customers, including Microsoft (MSFT, Financials) and Meta Platforms (META, Financials), as it seeks to better compete with Nvidia in AI-driven infrastructure.
The company also announced a strategic partnership with Oracle (ORCL, Financials) to develop a large-scale AI computing cluster composed of 30,000 MI355X accelerators. The chips will be manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM, Financials) using its 3-nanometer process, and will feature AMD's new CDNA 4 architecture. AMD said the initiative is part of its broader Advancing AI 2025 roadmap, which includes investments in new hardware, software platforms, and ecosystem development.
Despite these strategic advances, AMD stock dropped 9.6% on Thursday to $87.52 following a 23.8% gain on Wednesdayits largest single-day percentage jump in nearly a decade. The spike and subsequent dip reflect broader market reactions to U.S. trade policy uncertainty and concerns about competition and traction in the AI chip space.
Both companies are positioning themselves to benefit from long-term trends in artificial intelligence and cloud computing, although risks related to regulatory policy and competitive pressure remain in play.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated […]
Both NVIDIA and Palantir are strong players in AI. Which stock has more growth potential and is the better investment? Let's see.
Derivative-based ETFs are the biggest beneficiaries of the historic stock market rally.
Advanced Micro Devices is benefiting from an expanding usage of its fifth-generation EPYC processors.
We recently published a list of Top 12 Tech Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Ken Fisher. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other top tech stocks to buy according to Billionaire Ken Fisher. Under the umbrella of Fisher Asset Management, Billionaire […]
The EV maker’s shares, along with those of other auto makers, rallied after President Donald Trump’s decision to pause some tariffs. The car industry still faces stiff levies, though.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending […]
Trump tariff news: President Trump's latest tariffs took effect Wednesday while China stepped up retaliation. Treasury yields are worrisome. Walmart and Delta Air pulled some guidance, citing tariff uncertainty.
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) stock saw a day of big sell-offs Thursday.  The semiconductor company's share price wound up down 8.4% in a day of trading that saw the S&P 500 fall 3.5% and the Nasdaq Composite fall 4.4%.  The stock market followed Wednesday's surge on tariff news with substantial sell-offs today as more information about import taxes on China came into focus.
The roller-coaster week for global stock markets took another sharp turn Thursday, yanking Nvidia (NVDA), Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), and other Big Tech stocks down with it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
