Title: Apple, Nvidia, Meta, and more Magnificent 7 stocks slide as the Nasdaq rally kicks into reverse
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 20-40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-nvidia-meta-more-magnificent-162000781.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
The roller-coaster week for global stock markets took another sharp turn Thursday, yanking Nvidia (NVDA), Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), and other Big Tech stocks down with it.
The latest shift erased some of Wednesday’s historic gains, which came as President Donald Trump abruptly announced a 90-day pause on tariff hikes for most countries. After the president’s announcement, Apple stock recorded its best performance in roughly 27 years.
However, the pause left out China — which is home to much of Big Tech’s meticulously designed supply chain, including Apple’s. By Thursday, markets seemed reluctant to trust a temporary policy pivot that arrived without warning — even as fresh inflation data offered some welcome relief. Thus, another bad day unfolded for investors.
Apple closed the day down 4.2%, while Amazon dropped about 5.2%, Nvidia fell about 5.9%, Meta (META) plunged 6.7%, Microsoft (MSFT) fell 2.3%, and Tesla (TSLA) gave up 7.3%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq ended Thursday down 4.3%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 2.5% and the S&P 500 fell about 3.5%.
For Tesla, the plunge came as analysts slashed their price targets for the EV stock — over Trump’s impending tariffs on auto parts and weakening demand for Tesla EVs in Europe and China. Meanwhile, Amazon cautioned that tariffs will drive up prices, Apple fell as the Trump administration clarified the latest tariffs on China (145%), and Meta declined as the company attempted to downplay a tell-all book by former Facebook public-policy executive Sarah Wynn-Williams.
Other tech losers included Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), which tanked about 8.4%, Intel (INTC), which took a roughly 7.7% dive, and Palantir (PLTR), which fell 3.7%. Hardly any tech-adjacent stock dodged the carnage, but some of the rare exceptions included U.S.-focused telecom stocks, as well as video game maker Electronic Arts (EA).
—Catherine Baab contributed to this article.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Apple shares rebound on Wednesday after falling nearly 5% the previous day after the Trump administration said it would enact a 104% tariff on Chinese goods.
After explosive gains in yesterday's session, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is seeing big sell-offs in Thursday's session.  The artificial intelligence (AI) hardware leader's share price was down 7.5% as of 1 p.m. ET.  At the same point in today's trading, the S&P 500 was down 4.5%, and the Nasdaq Composite was down 5.5%.
(Bloomberg) -- At Nike Inc. headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon, executives are trying to figure out how to best spread the pain of new tariffs.Nike, the factories that produce its goods, the wholesalers that sell the goods and ultimately shoppers will all likely share portions of the cost, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named discussing private conversations.The backbone of Nike’s supply chain is being threatened by President Donald Trump’s global tariff campai
The United States is considering offers from 15 countries on tariff agreements and is close to deals with some of them,  White House economic adviser Kevin Hassett said on Thursday after President Donald Trump lowered some of the duties in a stunning reversal.  "USTR has informed us that there are maybe 15 countries now that have made explicit offers that we're studying and considering and deciding whether they're good enough to present the president," Hassett told reporters at the White House.
COIN, TEF and CBNA made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) momentum stocks list on April 10, 2025.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message of […]
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
