Title: Is NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) the Best Stock for 15 Years_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 22-07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corporation-nvda-best-stock-220741421.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best stocks for 15 years.
Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated level of the S&P 500 forward P/E ratio, the potential for further US dollar strength, as well as the direction of the US 10-year Treasury yield. The active equity managers have been challenged by the severe market concentration. The firm opines that a flattening out of such trends— which can be seen due to policy shifts or change in sentiments related to earnings growth and valuations for mega caps — can support active manager outperformance.
Russell Investments remains focused on sectors in which AI adoption has been ramping up, including industrials, healthcare, and consumer goods. As per the firm, companies that leverage AI for productivity improvements remain well-placed to gain a lasting competitive edge and provide healthy returns. Therefore, skilled active managers are required to look for such companies, primarily those that are in less-covered segments of the market.
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
With respect to real assets, Russell Investments sees attractive investment opportunities in real estate and infrastructure, mainly sectors that can benefit from the stabilization of long-term interest rates and favorable relative valuations in comparison to other growth assets. The application of AI in real estate, like data centers and healthcare facilities, continues to emerge as a critical growth area. Furthermore, the infrastructure investments continue to gain momentum from energy utilities and pipeline exposures, given the US administration’s emphasis on expanding LNG (liquified natural gas) production.
The firm also believes that an early focus on deregulation and tax cuts would likely be well-received by equity investors. Overall, an expected US soft landing, together with anticipated policy moderation on trade and immigration, creates specific opportunities for well-positioned portfolios, says Russell Investments.
We sifted through the holdings of iShares Core S&P 500 ETF and shortlisted the companies that have 10-year revenue growth of over ~10%. Next, we selected stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds. We have ranked the stocks in ascending order of hedge fund sentiment.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer.
10-Year Revenue Growth: ~39.4%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s healthy technological leadership in GPU design and AI acceleration places the company well to reap the benefits of AI revolution. Its ongoing innovations, including the Blackwell architecture and Dynamo Operating System, exhibit its capability to remain ahead of the curve in addressing the dynamic needs of AI workloads. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s comprehensive approach, which focuses on combining cutting-edge hardware with a strong software ecosystem, helps in creating a robust value proposition for customers. As a result, it is difficult for competitors to replicate the company’s offerings, potentially enhancing its market leadership.
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s expansion into enterprise and edge computing markets helps in creating strong new growth avenues. With AI adoption accelerating throughout numerous industries, there seems to be a higher demand for powerful computing solutions at the edge of networks, where low-latency processing remains important. IBM has announced new collaborations with NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), including planned new integrations based on the NVIDIA AI Data Platform reference design to support enterprises in putting their data to work to help build, scale as well as manage GenAI workloads and agentic AI applications.
Columbia Threadneedle Investments, an investment management company released its Q4 2024 investor letter. Here is what the fund said:
“NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) continued to outperform the market during the fourth quarter. The technology giant and top position in the fund delivered on sky-high expectations during the quarter and reported quarterly expectations that exceeded expectations. The red-hot company provided forward-looking expectations which were regarded as slightly lackluster as compared to prior quarters that smashed expectations. While the stock did churn a bit in the quarter, the AI giant remains top of mind for investors, especially as the company is on pace to satisfy the ‘staggering’ demand for its new product, Blackwell, which is poised to enter the market over the next year. The company’s position of owning all the major pieces of the evolving AI data center enables it to strengthen its competitive position and to define the technology roadmap for generations to come.”
Overall, NVDA ranks 4th on our list of best stocks for 15 years. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated level […]
When stocks started tanking last week, investors in the biggest leveraged exchange-traded funds doubled down.  Investors plowed a net $3.4 billion into the ProShares UltraPro QQQ ETF from Thursday to Tuesday, according to FactSet, including a record high $1.8 billion on Monday alone.  The fund seeks to triple the daily performance of the Nasdaq-100 index, up or down.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
"The bond market is very tricky. I was watching it, but if you look at it now, it's beautiful," Trump said.
Three growth stocks that look like fantastic buys for the long haul right now are AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: AZN), Uber Technologies (NYSE: UBER), and Arista Networks (NYSE: ANET).  Here's why these can be great investments to hang on to for years.  This is a stock that can be both a good growth stock and an income-generating investment.
(Reuters) -Vaccine maker Novavax's shares plunged nearly 20% at market close on Thursday, after Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. raised concerns about the company's COVID-19 vaccine in an interview with CBS News.  The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, an agency that is part of the HHS, missed its deadline last week for deciding on the traditional approval of the vaccine.  When asked if the delay resulted from "personnel being shuffled" at the FDA, Kennedy attributed it to the vaccine's composition.
United (UAL) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
General Motors, JD.com, Pfizer, StoneCo and Enersys have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.
In an era of economic uncertainty and market volatility, the quest for reliable income has become increasingly important for investors.  The appeal is straightforward: regular cash payments that arrive regardless of market conditions, providing a dependable income stream when it's needed most.  High-yield dividend stocks are particularly attractive in the current environment.
At a time when the stock market is particularly volatile, Wall Street veteran and Emplify founder Ashley Fox shares how investors can still build wealth.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
