Title: Mag 7 market cap value surged on tariff pause news
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 17-08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/mag-7-market-cap-value-170851996.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
The "Magnificent Seven," made up of Nvidia (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Apple (AAPL), added over $1.8 trillion to their market capitalizations during the tariff pause–fueled stock rally on Wednesday.
In this episode of Stocks in Translation, podcast host Jared Blikre dives deeper into the latest price action for large-cap tech names.
Catch more Stocks in Translation here, with new episodes every Tuesday and Thursday.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.
Mag Seven stocks added more than $1.8 trillion in market cap value on Wednesday alone. It was a rip-off your face rally for the ages. So let's take a look at some of these record-breaking moves. I'm Jared Blickre, host of stocks in translation. First up, let's take a look at what has happened in these stocks this year. So we got seven stocks, and I've divided the year into three parts, and they are definitely unequal. In blue, we have yesterday, that would be April 9th, alone, that Wednesday when we had some of the biggest market moves in history and some of these stocks. And then we also have from the February 19th top to April 8th, and that's that big down move. Uh, February 19th was the top in the S&P 500 and some of the other indices. And then in white, we have the year end of last year to February 18th, and that would just be up for some and down for some in the S&P 500. It was a little bit of a rally. So looking at this chart, you can see that first part of the year into February 19th, that really wasn't much. It was just kind of a blip on the radar. These little white spots here, some up, some down as I said, meta was the best performer, had those 20 up days. Uh, but then when you look at the declines, those were substantial. Nvidia and Apple both saw declines well over $1 trillion over this time period, and you can see some of the gains are a little bit less, but even Amazon down $500 billion, nothing to sneeze at. And then if you focus on the blue, uh, those blue bars, that's what happened yesterday, April 9th, and you can see Nvidia up $440 billion, Apple up $397 billion. The least, uh, the least bullish of these was Tesla up $162 billion, nothing to sneeze at here. And a lot of this corresponds to the top 10 days for the mag seven of all time. These are the biggest market cap gains single day in history, and Nvidia and Apple are right there. I already went over those two moves. In fact, everything in green is what happened yesterday. So four out of the top 10 moves in history occurred on April 9th. Now, I also took a look at the worst moves in history, the worst single day moves, and looks like one, two, three, four, five, six of those out of the 10 happened this year alone, and that's everything in green that you're seeing. A lot of these happened very recently in April. You can see the biggest of these is, uh, $300 billion declined by Apple on April 3rd, and then it also takes the number two spot down over $200 billion the next day on April 4th. You put it all together, it really validates the thesis and the common understanding among investment professionals that the volatility clusters. So some of the best days in history are usually right around some of the worst days in history. And whether or not you want to stick in the market and survive all that, uh, that's a topic for another day. But tune into Stocks in Translation for more market decoding deep dives, new episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays on Yahoo Finance's website, or wherever you find your podcasts.
Microsoft (MSFT) stock fell more than 5% in afternoon trading certainty, with Amazon (AMZN) and the other Magnificent 7 shares also losing ground as investors continued to reassess the fallout from this week’s abrupt tariff pause — and its likely ripple effects across corporate IT spending.
Tesla (TSLA) stock took another dive on Thursday as analysts chopped price targets for the electric-vehicle maker, citing the Trump administration’s impending 25% tariffs on auto parts and weakening demand in Europe and China.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on […]
KeyBanc reduced its price target on Netflix (NFLX) to $1,000 from $1,100, but the bank kept an Overweight rating on the name. Why KeyBanc Remains Bullish on NFLX During the current macro economic environment, the bank prefers companies with subscription business models over those that primarily rely on advertising. Of course, NFLX is in the […]
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
