Nvidia Stock Rises. The AI Trade Is So Back.
2025-05-01 16-11
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b389ef84-7696-39b5-889e-8e6506f6e5d0/nvidia-stock-rises.-the-ai.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia stock was rising Thursday after major customers Microsoft and Meta Platforms signaled they will continue to spend heavily on artificial-intelligence infrastructure. Nvidia shares were up 4.1% at $113.38 just after noon. There were good signs for Nvidia as Microsoft reported late Wednesday that its third-quarter capital expenditures came to $16.7 billion, up from $11 billion in the same period a year ago, and said its full-year capex expectations were unchanged.
Planet Fitness (PLNT) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
A business update in the artificial intelligence (AI) sector has investors asking questions today.  One analyst now says to sell Nvidia stock.  First, investors got a business update from server manufacturer Super Micro Computer last night, where the artificial intelligence (AI) player slashed its guidance.
US benchmark equity indexes were lower intraday after official data showed the economy contracted in
There was a wave of good news for the artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization.  Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.