What AI Slowdown_ Nvidia Rallies As Meta, Microsoft Boost Data Center Spending.
2025-05-01 20-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/222725bd-e3f0-3c35-a552-2b6d2e77e29c/what-ai-slowdown%3F-nvidia.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Use the IBD Stock Screener to quickly filter through thousands of companies to find stocks that meet your criteria.
This AI chip stock has pulled back in 2025 despite its impressive growth.  Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) investors are having a forgettable year so far as shares of the chipmaker have pulled back by more than 20% in 2025 as of this writing.  It is worth noting that AMD's financial performance has been picking up momentum in recent quarters, thanks to its data center and client processor businesses.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump on Wednesday counseled patience, cast blame and claimed victory in the face of a first-quarter U.S. economic contraction and tariffs that have taken a bite out of his popularity, saying a resurgence was around the corner.  The U.S. Commerce Department's advance gross domestic product data on Wednesday pointed to the first quarterly decline in three years as businesses imported a flood of goods to avoid higher costs from Trump's pending tariffs.  Trump and his aides struggled to coalesce around a message about the GDP number, simultaneously saying it was bad because of Biden administration policies but also good because of Trump's efforts.
Nvidia stock jumped and retook its 50-day moving average on Thursday.  Does that mean Nvidia stock is a buy  now?  Late Wednesday, Magnificent Seven leaders Meta and Microsoft reported quarterly results that beat estimates.
That’s because the overall growth picture at Microsoft and Meta signals more spending on data-center products and software ahead.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.