Why Are Nvidia Shares Climbing Today
2025-05-01 17-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-shares-climbing-today-172416962.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) rose more than 4% on Thursday after a report said the Trump administration is considering easing export restrictions on AI chips to the United Arab Emirates, ahead of President Trump's Middle East trip scheduled for May 13 to 16.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
The White House is weighing a bilateral chip agreement that could allow Nvidia to ship more AI accelerators to the UAE. The move would partially roll back the Biden-era AI Diffusion Rule, which limits advanced chip exports to mitigate foreign threats. The UAE is currently classified in the second tier of the rule, capping its AI chip access despite its clearance to purchase F-35 fighter jets.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang reportedly urged the administration earlier this week to revise the export policy. A company spokesperson declined to comment.
The proposed deal follows a visit by UAE national security adviser Sheikh Tahnoon bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who pledged to invest $1.4 trillion in the U.S. over the next decade across sectors including semiconductors and AI.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Nvidia appears increasingly vulnerable to geopolitical tensions, particularly in the Chinese market.  With shares down nearly 20% year to date, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) had a rough start to 2025.  The massive artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker has proven vulnerable to trade and geopolitical uncertainty during the opening months of the Trump administration, which could seriously undermine its business in China.
DraftKings (DKNG) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Pushed higher by optimism associated with elements of last night’s financial results from Meta and Microsoft, shares of all of the Magnificent Seven stocks were rising in recent trading—and taking the major indexes higher with them.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization.  Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.