Nvidia raised concerns about Huawei's growing AI capabilities with US lawmakers
2025-05-01 17-29
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-raised-concerns-huaweis-growing-172948546.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Stephen Nellis
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang discussed concerns about Huawei Technologies Co.'s growing artificial intelligence capabilities with U.S. lawmakers, according to a senior congressional committee staff source.
The issues were raised during a closed-door meeting between Nvidia executives and the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee on Thursday. Among the topics discussed were Huawei's artificial intelligence chips and how restrictions on Nvidia's chips in China could make Huawei's chips more competitive.
"If DeepSeek R1 had been trained on (Huawei chips) or a future open-source Chinese model had been trained to be highly optimized to Huawei chips, that would risk creating a global market demand for Huawei chips," the senior staff source said.
In a statement, Nvidia spokesperson John Rizzo said “Jensen met with the House Foreign Affairs Committee to discuss the strategic importance of AI as national infrastructure and the need to invest in U.S. manufacturing. He reaffirmed Nvidia's full support for the government’s efforts to promote American technology and interests around the world.”
Nvidia's chips, which are central to developing chatbots, image generators and other AI systems, have been the target of U.S. export controls since the first administration of President Donald Trump. Nvidia has responded by designing chips for the Chinese market that have complied with the changing rules.
Last month, however, the company said it had been asked by the Trump administration to stop selling its most recent China offering, a chip called the H20. Chinese customers had been ramping up orders for those chips thanks to low-cost AI models such those from DeepSeek.
Huawei has stepped in to fill the gap left by Nvidia in China, Reuters reported last month, by preparing for mass shipments of a chip designed to compete against Nvidia's offerings.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco, Editing by Franklin Paul and Diane Craft)
Mark Zuckerberg may see the world through AI-powered Ray-Bans, but Wall Street just sees it through his company’s ad dollars. And while he’s trying to look beyond the feed to a future with talking glasses and immersive virtual worlds, investors are hoping he’ll stick with what his company does best.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arista Networks Inc. (NYSE:ANET) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green […]
Fueled by increased nearline cloud demand, STX's fiscal Q3 2025 top line grows 31% year over year. Enhanced margins positively impact the bottom line.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.