Nvidia raised concerns about Huawei's growing AI capabilities with US lawmakers
2025-05-01 17-29
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-raised-concerns-huaweis-growing-172948546.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Stephen Nellis
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang discussed concerns about Huawei Technologies Co.'s growing artificial intelligence capabilities with U.S. lawmakers, according to a senior congressional committee staff source.
The issues were raised during a closed-door meeting between Nvidia executives and the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee on Thursday. Among the topics discussed were Huawei's artificial intelligence chips and how restrictions on Nvidia's chips in China could make Huawei's chips more competitive.
"If DeepSeek R1 had been trained on (Huawei chips) or a future open-source Chinese model had been trained to be highly optimized to Huawei chips, that would risk creating a global market demand for Huawei chips," the senior staff source said.
In a statement, Nvidia spokesperson John Rizzo said “Jensen met with the House Foreign Affairs Committee to discuss the strategic importance of AI as national infrastructure and the need to invest in U.S. manufacturing. He reaffirmed Nvidia's full support for the government’s efforts to promote American technology and interests around the world.”
Nvidia's chips, which are central to developing chatbots, image generators and other AI systems, have been the target of U.S. export controls since the first administration of President Donald Trump. Nvidia has responded by designing chips for the Chinese market that have complied with the changing rules.
Last month, however, the company said it had been asked by the Trump administration to stop selling its most recent China offering, a chip called the H20. Chinese customers had been ramping up orders for those chips thanks to low-cost AI models such those from DeepSeek.
Huawei has stepped in to fill the gap left by Nvidia in China, Reuters reported last month, by preparing for mass shipments of a chip designed to compete against Nvidia's offerings.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco, Editing by Franklin Paul and Diane Craft)
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in artificial […]
Mati Carbon, a climate-tech startup based in Houston, just walked away with $50 million in prize money from the Elon Musk-backed XPrize Carbon Removal competition. The company announced the win, highlighting it as a major step toward scaling its carbon removal efforts globally. The funding positions Mati at the forefront of a massive shift in how carbon is removed from the atmosphere by spreading pulverized rock on farmland. Don't Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.