NVDA Stock Is Not  “Fully Pricing in” Its Positive Attributes, Analyst Says
2025-05-02 03-28
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvda-stock-not-fully-pricing-032841396.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia's (NVDA) shares are not fully pricing in all of its upbeat catalysts, and it's "certainly a buy," Keybanc analyst John Vinh told Yahoo Finance recently.
Moreover, it's "a bit premature" to be concerned about Nvidia's competition from custom AI chip makers, Vinh believes.
NVDA's Attractive Valuation
NVDA stock is failing to price in "everything," Vinh said. And with the shares changing hands at less than 20 times analysts' average estimates, the name is trading for far less than its historical price-earnings ratios of 35 to 40 times, Vinh noted.
"Premature" to Worry About Competition From Custom Chips
Since we're in the "very early stages of generative AI," neither NVDA nor customer AI chip makers are going to capture the entire AI  chip market, Vinh noted.
Further, NVDA "is very far ahead of the competition," while there is "limited" validation of the custom chips made by Broadcom (AVGO), Vinh noted. AVGO is seen as a leader of the custom chip space.
But aside from Alphabet (GOOG), which uses AVGO's custom chip,  there is "limited proof" that AVGO's processors can successfully compete with those of NVDA, the analyst reported.
Export Controls Are "A Little Bit of an Overhang" on NVDA Stock
Export controls on NVDA's chips are "a concern and a little bit of an overhang on" NVDA stock, the analyst stated. "We'll have to see how it plays out," he added.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Nvidia and Tesla rallied on the stock market today. Microsoft and Meta surged on earnings. Amazon and Apple earnings are up next.
We recently published a list of the 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE:CCL) stands against other stocks that should double in 3 years. On April 25, Kari Firestone, Aureus Asset Management executive chairman and co-founder, joined […]
Stryker (SYK) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 4.03% and 2.88%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Ford pays a generous dividend yield while trading at a modest P/E ratio.
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.