Nvidia Is Jumping Today -- Is the Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock a Buy_
2025-05-01 17-27
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/nvidia-is-jumping-today-is-the-artificial-intellig/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Nvidia (NVDA 2.39%) stock is rising Thursday amid a bullish backdrop for the broader market. The company's share price was up 4.4% as of 1:15 p.m. ET. At the same point in the day's trading, the S&P 500 index was up 0.9% and the Nasdaq Composite had risen 1.8%. Earlier in the session, Nvidia stock had been up as much as 5.5%.
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported quarterly results after the market closed yesterday, and strong results and guidance from both companies is helping to push Nvidia's valuation higher today. But even with today's gains, Nvidia stock is still down roughly 24% year to date as of this writing. 
Microsoft is reportedly Nvidia's biggest customer, and Meta is said to be the artificial intelligence (AI) hardware leader's second-biggest client. With their recent quarterly reports, Microsoft and Meta have helped bolster the bull case for Nvidia stock. In addition to posting sales and earnings beats that were heavily driven by AI technologies and services, both companies signaled that they are continuing to spend heavily on artificial intelligence processors.
Image source: Getty Images.
Microsoft reported non-GAAP (adjusted) capital expenditures (capex) of $16.75 billion in the third quarter of its current fiscal year, which ended March 31. Capex was up 53% year over year in the period. Meanwhile, the average analyst estimate had called for capex to come in at $16.37 billion. 
Meta's new capex forecast also brought good news for Nvidia investors. The social media giant now forecasts its capex for this year to be between $64 billion and $72 billion -- a big leap from its previous guidance for between $60 billion and $65 billion. 
Microsoft's and Meta's capital expenditures are heavily focused on expanding their AI infrastructures, and Nvidia's advanced processors are the key hardware that underpins success in the space. The new capex data appears to mute the significance of recent reports that Microsoft and other tech giants were scaling back their data center plans and suggests that demand for AI hardware continues to be very strong. So while Nvidia stock will likely continue to see volatility in conjunction with moves for the broader market, the long-term investment thesis appears to be intact.
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of 05/01/2025
Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.