Nvidia Stock Rises. The AI Trade Is So Back.
2025-05-01 16-11
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b389ef84-7696-39b5-889e-8e6506f6e5d0/nvidia-stock-rises.-the-ai.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia stock was rising Thursday after major customers Microsoft and Meta Platforms signaled they will continue to spend heavily on artificial-intelligence infrastructure. Nvidia shares were up 4.1% at $113.38 just after noon. There were good signs for Nvidia as Microsoft reported late Wednesday that its third-quarter capital expenditures came to $16.7 billion, up from $11 billion in the same period a year ago, and said its full-year capex expectations were unchanged.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization.  Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
Planet Fitness (PLNT) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
US benchmark equity indexes were lower intraday after official data showed the economy contracted in
Nvidia stock jumped and retook its 50-day moving average on Thursday.  Does that mean Nvidia stock is a buy  now?  Late Wednesday, Magnificent Seven leaders Meta and Microsoft reported quarterly results that beat estimates.
There was a wave of good news for the artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker.
CoreWeave stock, a high profile artificial intelligence initial public offering this year, popped on Microsoft and Meta earnings reports.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.