Magnificent Seven Stocks_ Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Meta, Microsoft Surge On Earnings
2025-05-01 17-34
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks%3A.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia and Tesla rallied on the stock market today. Microsoft and Meta surged on earnings. Amazon and Apple earnings are up next.
LONDON (Reuters) -British business leaders have turned their most optimistic about the economy since before finance minister Rachel Reeves' autumn budget, according to a survey that suggested U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff pause was easing concerns.  The Institute of Directors said on Thursday its confidence index - which maps the gap between executives who are positive about the economy and those who are negative - rose to -51 in April from -58 in March, the highest since September last year.  Company bosses' intentions for investment and hiring also improved.
We recently published a list of the 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other stocks that should double in 3 years. On April 25, Kari Firestone, Aureus Asset Management executive chairman and co-founder, joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk […]
Shares looked to open significantly lower after the AI server maker said earnings will likely be far below what Wall Street was expecting.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) will release its third-quarter financial results after the closing bell on Wednesday, April 30. Analysts expect the Redmond, Washington-based company to report quarterly earnings at $3.22 per share. That’s up from $2.94 per share last year. Microsoft projects quarterly revenue of $68.44 billion, compared to $61.86 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. The company has beaten analyst revenue estimates in eight straight quarters and nine of
Eli Lilly’s  first quarter was a bit better than Wall Street had anticipated, but it wasn’t enough for traders on Thursday morning, and the stock fell as  Novo Nordisk  ramped up efforts to claw back weight-loss market share.  Lilly’s weight-loss drug is the best available, and the company says it now has 53.3% of the U.S. market for incretin analogues, the class of drugs that includes its medicines Zepbound and Mounjaro.  Shares have been climbing, and the stock is up 18.9% over the past 12 months while shares of rival Novo are down 46.4% over the same period.
Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust, reacts to Microsoft's quarterly results on "Bloomberg The Close." Microsoft reported stronger-than-expected quarterly sales and profit growth, with total revenue increasing 13% to $70.1 billion and adjusted profit at $3.46 a share.
As the US pushes to reduce its reliance on Chinese-made vehicles, the EV market finds itself at the centre of a deepening trade policy divide. With rising tariffs and a renewed focus on internal combustion engine vehicles, the American EV sector faces mounting headwinds and intensifying global competition. Two presidents, two visions for EVs The…
FEATURE   Tesla stock rose Thursday as investors wondered what the company—and shares—would be like without CEO Elon Musk at the helm. It wouldn’t be good.  Shares of the electric vehicle maker jumped 2.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.