Why Nvidia Stock Bounded Higher Thursday
2025-05-01 16-40
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/why-nvidia-stock-bounded-higher-thursday/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
There was a wave of good news for the artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker.
Shares of Nvidia (NVDA 2.39%) charged sharply higher Thursday, climbing as much as 5.5%. As of 11:59 a.m. ET, the stock was still up 4.4%.
The catalysts that sent the artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker higher were several developments that suggest strong demand for its processors will likely continue.
Microsoft (MSFT 7.55%) released its fiscal 2025 third-quarter financial report after market close on Wednesday, and investors were pleasantly surprised by the robust results. Revenue of $70 billion climbed 13% year over year, while diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $3.46 jumped 18%. Analysts' consensus estimates were calling for revenue of $68.4 billion and EPS of $3.20, so Microsoft sailed past expectations.
The company credited accelerating demand for its cloud services and AI offerings for fueling its impressive growth. CEO Satya Nadella also downplayed reports that Microsoft was pulling back on data center spending, which would have been bad news for Nvidia.
Meta Platforms (META 4.29%) also made a splash. In the first quarter, revenue of $42.3 billion jumped 16%, fueling EPS of $6.43, which grew 37%. The figures were well ahead of Wall Street's expectations for revenue of $41.27 billion and EPS of $5.22. 
The biggest surprise, however, was Meta's announcement that it is boosting its 2025 capital expenditures (capex) from its previous range of $60 billion to $65 billion to $64 billion to $72 billion. The company mentioned AI 78 times during its conference call, and some of that increased spending is earmarked for AI. As the leading supplier of the graphics processing units (GPUs) needed to support AI and data center growth, Nvidia stands to gain from this increased spending.
Finally, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang stoked excitement with comments he made in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. He posited that every American company would need to adopt AI "factories" in order to remain competitive. These virtual factories are designed to continually create AI models for specific functions and will be the "engine" that supports AI development, according to Huang.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Investors have been concerned that the pace of AI adoption might be slowing, but this trio of developments suggests the road ahead is long. Furthermore, at less than 26 times forward sales, Nvidia represents an attractive way to profit from the AI revolution.
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of 05/01/2025
Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena has positions in Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.