Microsoft Briefly Nabs Apple's Crown
2025-05-01 17-47
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/08095241-09fa-3899-af60-b87e9fe21cdd/microsoft-briefly-nabs.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization. Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data. Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
Nvidia  stock was rising Thursday after major customers  Microsoft  and  Meta Platforms  signaled they will continue to spend heavily on artificial-intelligence infrastructure.  Nvidia shares were up 4.1% at $113.38 just after noon.  There were good signs for Nvidia as Microsoft reported late Wednesday that its third-quarter capital expenditures came to $16.7 billion, up from $11 billion in the same period a year ago, and said its full-year capex expectations were unchanged.
Ted Mortonson, managing director at Baird, discusses Microsoft's better-than-expected third-quarter results. He joins Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology."
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Microsoft  stock was rising after the tech giant reported better-than-expected third-quarter earnings and revenue.  Microsoft reported third-quarter adjusted earnings of $3.46 a share on revenue of $70.1 billion.  Overall cloud revenue in the quarter rose 20% year over year to $42.4 billion, but the company’s closely watched Azure public-cloud business saw 33% growth, a pickup from last quarter’s 31% growth.
Nvidia appears increasingly vulnerable to geopolitical tensions, particularly in the Chinese market.  With shares down nearly 20% year to date, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) had a rough start to 2025.  The massive artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker has proven vulnerable to trade and geopolitical uncertainty during the opening months of the Trump administration, which could seriously undermine its business in China.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Palantir reports Q1 earnings on Monday, the data analytics software maker's government and commercial businesses will again be in focus.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...