Title: Natural Gas Lifts Chevron Q1 Earnings Amid Oil Weakness
Date: 2025-05-02 16:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/natural-gas-lifts-chevron-q1-161300436.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chevron Corporation CVX reported adjusted first-quarter earnings per share of $2.18, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.15. The outperformance stemmed from higher-than-expected U.S. natural gas production in the company’s key upstream segment. The unit’s domestic output of 2,859 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d) came in above the consensus mark of 2,666 MMcf/d. A healthy gain in the commodity’s U.S. realizations also played its part.However, the bottom line came well below the year-ago adjusted profit of $2.93 due to weaker oil price realizations and a dip in refined product sales margins. The company generated revenues of $47.6 billion. The sales figure missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $48.7 billion and decreased 2.3% year over year.
Chevron Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Chevron Corporation Quote
Upstream: Chevron’s production of crude oil and natural gas — at 3,353 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day (MBOE/d) (59% liquids) — edged up 0.2% year over year. The latest volume statistics primarily reflect higher output from the Permian basin, Kazakhstan and the Gulf of America, offset by asset sales in Canada and Republic of Congo. The U.S. output rose 4% year over year to 1,636 MBOE/d but the company’s international operations (accounting for 51% of the total) dropped 3.2% to 1,717 MBOE/d. With volumes essentially flat from last year and lower oil realizations, Chevron’s first-quarter 2025 upstream segment profit fell 28.3% to $3.8 billion. To some extent, this was offset by higher natural gas sales price. At $55.26 per barrel, Chevron’s average realized liquids prices in the U.S. were 3.7% below the year-earlier levels, while prices overseas decreased 6.7% to $67.69 per barrel. As far as natural gas is concerned, the commodity more than doubled in the U.S. though it declined 1.8% internationally.Downstream: Chevron’s downstream segment recorded a profit of $325 million, plunging 58.5% from last year’s income of $783 million. The slip primarily underlined lower product sales margins.
(Find the latest earnings estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
The company recorded $5.2 billion in cash flow from operations, compared to $6.8 billion the year-ago period due to a drop in earnings and tax payments associated with divestment in Canada. Chevron’s free cash flow for the quarter was $1.3 billion. Further, Chevron paid $3 billion in dividends and bought back $3.9 billion worth of its shares.The Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company spent around $3.9 billion in capital and exploratory expenditures during the quarter, compared to the year-ago period’s $4.1 billion.You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
As of March 31, the only energy component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average had $4.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents and total debt of $29.7 billion with a debt-to-total capitalization of about 16.6%.
While we have discussed Chevron’s first-quarter results in detail, let’s take a look at some other key oil/energy reports of this season.Oil service biggie Halliburton HAL reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted net income per share of 60 cents, the same as the Zacks Consensus Estimate but below the year-ago quarter’s profit of 76 cents (adjusted). The numbers reflect softer activity in the North American region, partly offset by international growth. Meanwhile, revenues of $5.4 billion were 6.7% lower year over year but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.3 billion.Halliburton reported first-quarter capital expenditure of $302 million, lower than our projection of $318.2 million. As of March 31, 2025, the company had approximately $1.8 billion in cash/cash equivalents and $7.2 billion in long-term debt, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 40.8. HAL bought back $250 million worth of its stock during the January-March period. The company generated $377 million of cash flow from operations in the first quarter, leading to a free cash flow of $124 million.Refining major Valero Energy VLO reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted loss of $1.90 per share, in contrast to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of earnings of 43 cents. The company reported earnings of $3.82 in the year-ago quarter. Total quarterly revenues decreased from $31,759 million in the prior-year quarter to $30,258 million. The top line, however, beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $28,450 million.The weak quarterly earnings can primarily be attributed to its West Coast asset impairment, heavy maintenance activity across refining systems and a steep drop in refining margins, which together weighed on profitability.  London-based supermajor BP plc BP reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 53 cents per American Depositary Share on a replacement-cost basis, excluding non-operating items. The figure lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 56 cents. The bottom line also declined from the year-ago reported figure of 97 cents.The weak quarterly results can be primarily attributed to lower liquid price realizations and weaker refining margins. Lower contributions from the company's customers and products business also affected the results. Organic capital expenditure in the reported quarter totaled $3.4 billion. The company registered a total capital spending of $3.6 billion for the quarter. The first-quarter capital investment totaled $660 million, of which $582 million was allocated toward sustaining the business.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
ConocoPhillips (COP) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Chevron and Exxon reported high earnings even after Chevron said it would reduce it's share buybacks because of tumbling oil prices and a trade war. Meanwhile, Exxon is sticking with its's share buyback plans as it's earnings met analysts' estimates. Goldman Sachs Head of North American Natural Equity Research Neil Mehta has more on the story.
Valero Energy (VLO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Southern Co. (SO) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.50% and 10.96%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio