Title: Is Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) a Small-Cap Energy Stock Hedge Funds Are Buying?
Date: 2025-04-30 00:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/halliburton-co-nyse-hal-small-002156756.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the 15 Small-Cap Energy Stocks Hedge Funds Are Buying. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) stands against other small-cap energy stocks.
On April 12, Bill Perkins, Skylar Capital Management CEO, appeared on ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC to talk about how the energy sector is struggling due to fears of decreased fuel demand. Perkins discussed that the trade policy majorly drives the sentiment across the energy landscape and hence affects natural gas, energy stocks, bonds, and other related assets. Noting the difficulty in predicting the long-term outcome of these policies, he questioned whether the tariffs are temporary. The conversation then shifted to the impact of recent tariff announcements. Perkins acknowledged that natural gas prices initially performed better than other commodities following the announcements, which gives rise to speculations that LNG could become a key bargaining chip in future trade negotiations. He explained that, at the time, natural gas fundamentals were strong, and the US had the potential to use LNG exports as a diplomatic tool to help reduce trade deficits with other countries.
However, Perkins acknowledged that the overarching macroeconomic fear of a global slowdown soon overshadowed these fundamentals, which affected both the crude oil and natural gas markets. As a result, prices dropped to levels that might stimulate some demand and offer a buffer against further declines, particularly if the tariff conflict drags on and risks pushing the economy into a recession or even a depression. Perkins also addressed the effect of price pressure on production, specifically referencing West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil. He pointed out that WTI prices had reached a threshold (~$60 per barrel) where growth in the Permian Basin would likely halt or even decline. At these price levels, producers become reluctant to invest in new drilling, especially given the backwardated crude curve, which showed future prices at $58 to $59 per barrel.  This scenario would not only limit oil production growth in the Permian but also reduce the output of associated natural gas from the region. Perkins described this production restraint as a bullish factor that could help offset some of the prevailing uncertainty.
Perkins predicted that oil and gas executives would adopt a cautious tone in their commentary. He explained that, due to the unpredictability of the global macro environment, executives would likely let market signals guide their decisions about ramping up or scaling back drilling programs.
We first sifted through the Finviz stock screener and Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 hedge funds database. For this article, we define small-cap stocks as those that trade between $10 billion and $30 billion. We then selected the top 15 stocks according to hedge funds and ranked them in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them. In cases where an equal number of hedge funds held two or more stocks, we used the market cap as a tiebreaker.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A drilling rig in the desert with an orange sunset in the background.
Market Capitalization as of April 25: $17.97 billion
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 49
Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) provides products and services to the energy industry. It operates in two segments: Completion & Production and Drilling & Evaluation. The company offers a range of products/services, such as production enhancement services, cementing services, electrical submersible pumps, performance additives, completion fluids, specialized testing equipment, and others.
Halliburton’s International markets segment generated $3.2 billion in revenue in Q1 2025, which was a solid contribution to the total company revenue of $5.4 billion. While this figure reflects a slight 2% year-over-year decrease due to lower activity in Mexico, the underlying strength of the international business is evident, as excluding Mexico, international revenues grew by mid-single digits.
The company also secured meaningful contract awards in this segment, extending through 2026 and beyond, particularly with Shell in Brazil, Suriname, and West Africa. While there’s increased uncertainty in the overall international outlook due to the dynamic trade environment and OPEC production, Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) anticipates its year-over-year international revenue to be flat to slightly down for the remainder of 2025.
Overall, HAL ranks 6th on our list of the small-cap energy stocks hedge funds are buying. While we acknowledge the growth potential of HAL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than HAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
NOG expects an average daily production of 130,000-135,000 barrels of oil equivalent for 2025, with oil production in the range of 75,000-79,000 barrels per day.
NBR expects capital expenditures for the second quarter of 2025 to be between $220 million and $230 million.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio