Title: Is Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) Among the Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds?
Date: 2025-04-09 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/halliburton-company-nyse-hal-among-202432650.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of  10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate electricity, heating, and cooling. This comprises companies in geothermal energy production, exploration, and technology development. The geothermal market is growing rapidly. On April 2, 2025, Dandelion Energy, a prominent private company specializing in home geothermal heating and cooling, announced a partnership with one of the nation’s largest homebuilders to integrate geothermal systems into over 1,500 new homes in Colorado over the following two years. The program’s goal, which is among the biggest residential geothermal deployments in American history, is to standardize geothermal heating and cooling in new construction. When compared to air-source heat pumps, homeowners may anticipate saving almost $30 million over the next 20 years due to lower energy expenditures and better efficiency. According to a recent Department of Energy report, the widespread use of geothermal heat pumps could reduce the need for 24,500 miles of additional grid transmission lines, which is comparable to crossing the United States eight times. Overall, the collaboration highlights a growing trend toward sustainable homebuilding and lower carbon footprints in residential buildings. Governor of Colorado Jared Polis stated: “Geothermal energy – the heat beneath our feet – is a clean energy option that will help save Coloradans money and protect our state for future generations. I’m very excited that Dandelion is building on Colorado’s leadership on geothermal by connecting more than 1,500 Colorado homes to low-cost heating and cooling. It’s good for Coloradans, for our air quality, and our economy,” As we look forward, according to the International Energy Agency’s report, geothermal energy, which now meets less than 1% of worldwide demand, is anticipated to supply up to 15% of global power by 2050, with an anticipated capacity of 800 GW and approximately 6,000 TWh per year. Advancements in drilling technology, comprising hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, might unlock geothermal resources at depths greater than 3 km, hence extending the global potential. In 2023, more than 75% of global geothermal capacity was utilized, greatly outperforming wind (30%) and solar (15%) in terms of capacity factor. Investment in geothermal energy could surpass $1 trillion by 2035 due to decreased costs and oil and gas sector expertise. Government support may reduce prices by 80% by 2035, putting geothermal on equal ground with solar and wind. There are still major obstacles to overcome, such as the lack of qualified workers, environmental effects, and delays in obtaining permits. The success of geothermal energy depends on governments streamlining procedures, offering incentives, and encouraging research to fulfill the world’s expanding demand for electricity. As per Deloitte’s report, rapidly maturing Enhanced geothermal systems (EGS) capable of providing 24/7 baseload electricity by accessing deep heat reservoirs are benefiting from federal funding and cross-sector investment in technological advances such as new drilling techniques and extreme heat operations, as well as bipartisan support to accelerate projects. Technology companies are collaborating with developers to produce geothermal electricity, as well as with utilities to facilitate EGS deployments by offering a clean transition tariff to cover the costs and risks of implementing a new technology. Meanwhile, a utility inked the largest geothermal power purchase agreement, reaching 320 MW, to meet a public utility commission’s need to obtain carbon-free power 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We sifted through online rankings to form an initial list of 10 Geothermal stocks. From the resultant dataset, we chose the top 9 stocks most favored by hedge funds, using Insider Monkey’s database of 1,009 hedge funds in Q4 2024 to gauge hedge fund sentiment for stocks. We have also included a pure-play private geothermal company and ranked it 10th on our list. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 49 Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) is the largest oilfield service company in North America, based on market share, and one of the Best Geothermal Stocks. Despite industry fragmentation, it has a dominant position in the hydraulic fracturing and completions business, accounting for over half of its revenue. It also has significant positions in other service offerings, such as drilling and completion fluids, which benefit from its expertise in material science and the directional drilling industry. Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) also offers fully integrated geothermal solutions, including products, technology, and services. The company operates all sorts of geothermal systems by providing solutions for underground analysis, well construction and completion, and energy production management. The firm introduced GeoESP lifting pumps in 2024, strengthening fluid transport in geothermal wells with low power consumption and strong temperature resistance. It also provides liner hanger systems that can withstand temperatures of up to 650°F (343°C), as well as expandable, mechanical, and drop-off solutions for optimal stability and efficiency. These technologies improve operations and reduce costs in geothermal development. In 2024, Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) reported $3.9 billion in cash from operations and $2.6 billion in free cash flow, with shareholders receiving 60% of free cash flow through $1 billion in stock repurchases and $600 million in dividends. The business anticipates growth in drilling technology, unconventionals, well intervention, and artificial lift, resulting in an additional $2.5 billion to $3 billion in yearly revenue over the next three to five years. Overall, HAL ranks 6th on our list of best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of ethanol companies, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than HAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. In an order published by White House, President Donald Trump stated in part: “On January 3, 2025, President Biden issued an order prohibiting the acquisition of United States Steel Corporation by Nippon Steel (NPSCY) Corporation, Nippon Steel North America, Inc., and 2023 Merger Subsidiary… In that order, President Biden reserved the right of the President ‘to issue further orders with respect to the Purchasers or U.S. Steel (X) as shall in my judgment be necessary to protect the national securi Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
