Title: Fracker Liberty’s Profit Falls to 3-Year Low as Oil Slumps
Date: 2025-04-16 22:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fracker-liberty-profit-falls-3-224125279.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Shale fracker Liberty Energy Inc. posted its worst earnings in three years amid plunging oil prices and mounting concerns about energy demand.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
Adjusted first-quarter profit fell to 4 cents a share, according to a statement Wednesday, matching the average estimate among analysts. Sales and capital spending both came in better than expected, prompting the shares to rise 5.9% at 6:34 p.m. in New York.
Current levels of fracking activity suggest US oil output will hold steady, “mitigating the possibility of steep declines experienced by the service industry in past cycles,” the company said. Meanwhile, major shale driller Diamondback Energy Inc. said Wednesday that it’s “actively reviewing its operating plan” for the rest of the year given market volatility, according to a separate statement.
“While the current tumult in commodity prices is not immediately driving changes in North American activity, we expect oil producers are evaluating a range of scenarios in anticipation of oil price pressure,” Diamondback said.
Liberty’s broad footprint across North American shale provides it a unique scope of vision for domestic oil-production trends. The Denver-based oilfield contractor has tumbled roughly 40% this year as US President Donald Trump’s trade war punished crude prices and tarnished the outlook for near-term fossil-fuel demand.
Liberty is the first major US-based oil-service company to post quarterly results, with rival Halliburton Co. set to follow Tuesday morning.
(Updates with sales, capital spending in second paragraph; Diamondback comment in third paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Mark Zuckerberg, the first witness in the Federal Trade Commission’s trial to break up his social media empire, gave a rare window into how he makes business decisions: by fighting for survival, even when his company is ahead.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsDOGE Places Entire Staf
Watch five nuclear energy stocks amid massive power demand. These are: CEG, BWXT, PCG, AEP, NEE.
Trump's trade war is causing all sorts of extreme dislocations in market and economic sentiment.
(Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration halted work on an offshore wind farm being built off New York amid a broader review of the sector’s projects.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveInterior Secretary Doug Burgum ordered the pause on
Even in the midst of a sharp drop in his company’s stock price and a freight market that is not supporting the bottom line at Triumph Financial, CEO Aaron Graft touted milestones reached and signaled a new aggressiveness in pricing the company’s products. In his quarterly letter to investors released in conjunction with the company’s […] The post Despite quarterly loss and battered stock, Triumph Financial stays aggressive appeared first on FreightWaves.
Since his inauguration in January, U.S. President Donald Trump has announced - and sometimes reversed - tariffs on a slew of products and countries.  "Approximately 70% of our aluminum produced in Canada is destined for U.S. customers and is now subject to 25% tariff costs ... Currently the net annual result is approximately $100 million negative for our business," CEO William Oplinger said during a post-earnings conference call.  The aluminum producer said the tariffs on Canadian imports had cost the company roughly $20 million in the first quarter, ended March 31.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors who may have been hoping the Federal Reserve is poised to come to the aid of tariff-rattled markets took away an unwelcome message from the central bank's chief on Wednesday: the Fed may be in a bind.  Fed Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank would wait for more data on the economy's direction before changing interest rates.  Speaking to the Economic Club of Chicago, he noted that there was a potentially tough situation developing for the Fed in which inflation is pushed higher by tariffs while growth and potentially, employment, weaken.
Chinese online marketplace Temu and fast-fashion retailer Shein, two of the biggest advertisers on U.S. social media, are sharply cutting their U.S. digital ad spending, industry data show, in a blow to tech companies such as Meta's Facebook and YouTube.  The online retailers, both of which ship low-priced China-made goods direct to U.S. shoppers, had been on an ad spree until recently, targeting younger, thriftier shoppers in digital media.  U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order earlier this month threatens this business.
China-founded e-commerce sites Temu and Shein say they plan to raise prices for U.S. customers starting next week, a ripple effect from President Donald Trump's attempts to correct the trade imbalance between the world's two largest economies by imposing a sky-high tariff on goods shipped from China.  Temu, which is owned by the Chinese e-commerce company PDD Holdings, and Shein, which is now based in Singapore, said in separate but nearly identical notices that their operating expenses have gone up “due to recent changes in global trade rules and tariffs.”  Both companies said they would be making “price adjustments” starting April 25, although neither provided details about the size of the increases.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.