Confusion reigns after Trump exempts electronics from new tariff regime. Here's what we know
2025-04-14 19:07
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/confusion-reigns-trump-exempts-electronics-190727977.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Confusion over President Donald Trump’s tariffs remains following a weekend of questions around trade in consumer electronics.On Friday the Trump administration paused its new taxes on electronics imported into the U.S. — signaling some relief from trade wars that have particularly escalated with China, a major exporter of technology from smartphones to laptops. But these goods remain subject to other levies.And officials have also indicated that additional, sector-specific tariffs targeting electronics are on the way — all of which economists warn will raise costs and lead to higher prices for consumers.Here's what we know.Are electronics exempt from Trump's newest tariffs?Late Friday, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection said that electronics, including smartphones and laptops, would be excluded from broader, so-called “reciprocal” tariffs — meaning these goods wouldn't be subject to most tariffs levied on China to date or the 10% baseline levies imposed on other countries.But U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick later said that this was only a temporary reprieve — telling ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday that electronics will be included under future sector-specific tariffs on semiconductor products, set to arrive in "probably a month or two.”And not all of the levies that the U.S. has imposed on countries like China fall under the White House's “reciprocal” categorization. Hours after Lutnick's comments, Trump declared on social media that there was no “exception” at all, adding to confusion. Trump instead argued that these goods are “just moving to a different” bucket. He also said that China will still face a 20% levy on electronics imports as part of his administration’s prior move related to fentanyl trafficking.How has China responded?On Sunday, China’s commerce ministry welcomed a partial reprieve on consumer electronics — but continued to call for the U.S. to completely cancel the rest of its tariffs.Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated that on Monday, writing in an editorial jointly published in Vietnamese and Chinese official media that "there are no winners in a trade war.” He added that both China and the U.S. “should resolutely safeguard the multilateral trading system, stable global industrial and supply chains, and open and cooperative international environment.”Tit-for-tat tariffs between the U.S. and China have escalated to new heights over recent months. Since taking office in January, Trump has imposed a series of levies that now amount to 145% taxes on a range of imports from the country.In response, China has hit back with its own measures, including tariffs on U.S. goods that currently total 125%. Its Commerce Ministry has also said it will impose more export controls on rare earths, used in high-tech products such as computer chips and electric vehicle batteries.What could reducing tariffs on electronics mean for consumers?Tariffs are taxes on goods imported from other countries. And because so many of the electronics we buy rely on a global supply chain, economists have warned that tariffs impacting consumer technology could mean higher prices for your next smartphone, computer or other gadgets.Reducing the size of those tariffs, even temporarily, could delay or lessen that impact. But it's unlikely that price hikes will be totally avoided. Electronics will still be taxed by previous (non-"reciprocal”) tariffs — and potentially under additional, sector-specific levies down the road.It would also be incredibly difficult for companies to change their supply chains. The Trump administration argues that tariffs will entice big names like Apple, for example, to make iPhones in the U.S. for the first time. But Apple has spent decades building up a finely calibrated supply chain in China — and it would take years and cost billions of dollars to build new plants in the U.S.Dipanjan Chatterjee, vice president and principal analyst at Forrester, said in a note Monday that Apple should continue “business-as-usual” supply chain diversification and have “Plan B” pricing for different product lines — while pausing before taking action to reduce risk and working on the company's relationship with both U.S. and Chinese governments to avoid blowback.Trump signaled on Monday that he had spoken to Apple CEO Tim Cook before exempting electronics from some of his China tariffs — telling reporters that he had “helped” Cook with the partial reprieve, while separately saying he plans to provide temporary exemptions for auto makers that may also need “a little bit of time.” The Associated Press reached out to Apple for statement.How is Wall Street reacting?Tariffs have plunged financial markets worldwide into turmoil — particularly battering stocks following of Trump's sweeping announcement on April 2. That cooled after news of this partial electronics exemption, as well as last week's pause of steeper tariffs outside of China.As of Monday afternoon, the S&P 500 was 0.2% higher, though trading was still shaky after it gave back most of its early gain of 1.8%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 57 points, or 0.1%, and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.1%Still, the relief could be fleeting. Uncertainty remains high for many companies trying to make long-term plans when conditions seem to change daily.“Businesses thrive on stability because they plan around rules of engagement ... Ergo, markets perform better when businesses are confident that the rules are really the rules,” Chatterjee wrote Monday. Still, he added, businesses will need to avoid knee-jerk reactions while evaluating risk. “When Friday’s policies are thrown out with Sunday’s brunch leftovers, companies will resort to one primary strategy: do as little as possible and thereby do no harm.”_______AP Writers Josh Boak in Washington, Mae Anderson in Nashville and Matt O'Brien in Providence, Rhode Island, contributed to this report.Trump's tariffs are expected to hit the clothing market particularly hard — but consumers may not see an increase in the sticker price until Q4.(Bloomberg) -- Copper edged higher after President Donald Trump handed out exemptions to his punishing tariffs on some products, nudging up sentiment across financial markets.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe US leader paused import levies on a suite of consumer elecWe recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]President Trump's dizzying trade policy has left economists scrambling, but even with last-minute exemptions, the US is still set to impose its steepest levies in over a century.Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.(Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration will ask lawmakers to cut more than $9 billion in funding for the Public Broadcasting Service, National Public Radio and foreign aid in the current fiscal year, an attempt to employ a little-used legislative tactic for reducing spending already approved by Congress.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, KillinThe Trump trade war has gone viral on TikTok, pushing a Chinese e-commerce app, DHgate, to the top of the Apple App Store in the U.S. After Trump increased U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports by 145%, numerous Chinese suppliers and manufacturers began making TikTok videos explaining to consumers how the global luxury goods market actually works. The clothing, handbags, and other accessories that many people assumed were made in Europe originate from factories in China, these videos explained. As a rHYDERABAD (Reuters) -The India launch of Eli Lilly's popular weight-loss drug Mounjaro has triggered a huge wave of patient enquiries about its availability, with some Indian doctors fielding hundreds of calls about the medicine, according to a Reuters survey.  The survey of 18 doctors, patients and weight-loss clinic operators follows the U.S. drugmaker's market entry ahead of Danish obesity drug rival Novo Nordisk into a nation expected to have the second-largest population of overweight or obese people by 2050.  "Since the launch of Mounjaro, we have seen a remarkable increase in customer interest," said Suryansh Kumar, founder of  Delhi-based weight management services provider Elevate Now.Taxpayers calling the IRS for help processing their taxes this filing season may find it harder than normal to get someone on the phone, experts say, a problem that is only expected to get worse next year with staffing cuts that could slash the workforce considerably.  IRS employees involved in the 2025 tax season were not allowed to accept a buyout offer from the Trump administration until after the taxpayer filing deadline of April 15, though thousands of probationary workers were laid off earlier this year.  Legal experts in tax compliance say the long wait times are going to increase as more buyouts and layoffs take effect.(Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageMostly filmed at Chinese faTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
