Title: Nvidia's H20 AI chips may be spared from export controls — for now
Date: 2025-04-09 21:07
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/09/nvidias-h20-ai-chips-may-be-spared-from-export-controls-for-now/?.tsrc=rss



		Latest	
 

		AI	
 

		Amazon	
 

		Apps	
 

		Biotech & Health	
 

		Climate	
 

		Cloud Computing	
 

		Commerce	
 

		Crypto	
 

		Enterprise	
 

		EVs	
 

		Fintech	
 

		Fundraising	
 

		Gadgets	
 

		Gaming	
 

		Google	
 

		Government & Policy	
 

		Hardware	
 

		Instagram	
 

		Layoffs	
 

		Media & Entertainment	
 

		Meta	
 

		Microsoft	
 

		Privacy	
 

		Robotics	
 

		Security	
 

		Social	
 

		Space	
 

		Startups	
 

		TikTok	
 

		Transportation	
 

		Venture	
 

		Events	
 

		Startup Battlefield	
 

		StrictlyVC	
 

		Newsletters	
 

		Podcasts	
 

		Videos	
 

		Partner Content	
 

		TechCrunch Brand Studio	
 

		Crunchboard	
 

		Contact Us	
 Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang appears to have struck a deal with the Trump administration to avoid export restrictions on the company’s H20 AI chips. The H20, the most advanced Nvidia-produced AI chip that can still be exported from the U.S. to China, was reportedly spared thanks to a promise from Huang to invest in new AI data centers in the U.S. According to NPR, Huang made the proposal during a dinner at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort sometime last week. Nvidia declined to comment. Many in the semiconductor industry feared H20s, which are modified to have lower performance than other Nvidia chips, were headed for restrictions because they were reportedly one of the chips China-based DeepSeek used to train its R1 open AI model. Released in January, R1 made headlines for its strong performance relative to models from U.S.-based AI labs, including OpenAI. Senators from both sides of the aisle have called for restrictions on the H20. Even the Trump administration was said to have been preparing H20 export controls prior to its reversal in course, according to NPR. While it isn’t totally surprising that Trump allegedly agreed to shelve some potential chip restrictions in exchange for a commitment from Nvidia to invest in U.S. AI infrastructure, allowing Nvidia to continue exporting H20s to China would appear to counter the administration’s goal of securing U.S. dominance in AI.  Making the move even more perplexing is the Trump administration’s decision to keep in place the set of AI chip export rules introduced by outgoing President Joe Biden in January. Those rules layer chip export limits on nearly every country outside the U.S. — including U.S. allies — with harsher restrictions on China and Russia. Nvidia has called those guidelines “unprecedented and misguided” and said that they’re likely to stifle global innovation. Many AI companies besides Nvidia have leaned into Trump’s “America-first” approach to AI in bids to curry favor with the administration. OpenAI teamed up with SoftBank and Oracle for a $500 billion U.S. data center initiative dubbed the Stargate Project in January. Microsoft pledged $80 billion to build AI data centers in its 2025 fiscal year, with 50% of that earmarked for the U.S. Trump has strong-armed certain partners to get his desired outcome. He reportedly told Taiwanese semiconductor company TSMC that it would have to pay a tax up to 100% if the company didn’t build new chip factories in the U.S. Topics 
Senior Reporter, Venture
  Anthropic rolls out a $200-per-month Claude subscription
    Artisan, the ‘stop hiring humans’ AI agent startup, raises $25M — and is still hiring humans 
    Ironwood is Google’s newest AI accelerator chip
    Governments identify dozens of Android apps bundled with spyware
    A 25-year-old police drone founder just raised $75M led by Index
    Inside the EV startup secretly backed by Jeff Bezos
    Google is allegedly paying some AI staff to do nothing for a year rather than join rivals
   © 2025 Yahoo. 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now! 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!