Title: Is NVIDIA (NVDA) A Reddit Stock with High Potential_
Date: 2025-04-16 19:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-reddit-stock-high-195932518.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC to discuss how investors should avoid knee-jerk reactions when it comes to volatility. Monica Guerra pointed out the significance of focusing on President Trump’s statements, as they contribute to market volatility despite their mixed and unclear nature. She acknowledged that deciphering his comments is challenging because they lack clarity but staying attentive to both presidential statements and congressional actions is still crucial. She stressed that policy certainty might emerge once Congress finalizes the budget, which is expected around August this year. She also emphasized that while the day started positively with markets up by 0.79%, the situation otherwise remains uncertain. She reminded clients that the 90-day reprieve on tariffs is not the end of the story and the ongoing studies on semiconductors could lead to additional pressures related to tariffs and market volatility. Guerra noted that tariff revenues are being considered as funding sources for tax cuts and this interplay between tariffs and taxes could influence market volatility. On discussing future developments in tariff policy, she mentioned that more than 70 countries have approached President Trump in attempts to renegotiate the universal 10% tariff and reciprocal tariffs. She cautioned that even if reciprocal tariffs are eliminated and only the universal tariff remains, additional increases could be highly inflationary. China’s effective tariff rate is already at 145% and adding reciprocal tariffs could push inflationary pressures further. Guerra advised clients against reacting impulsively to such news and encouraged them to focus on long-term investment goals. We sifted through Reddit threads to make a list of the top stocks with the highest analysts’ upside potential (at least 30%) as of April 15. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their upside potential. We have also added the hedge fund sentiment for each stock, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223 Average Upside Potential as of April 15: 58.07% NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is a computing infrastructure company that provides graphics and compute & networking solutions. Its products are used in gaming, professional visualization, data center, and automotive markets. It sells its products to OEMs, original device manufacturers, system integrators & distributors, tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other similar customers. NVIDIA specializes in AI-driven solutions and offers platforms for data centers, self-driving cars, robotics, and cloud services. In FY2025, the company’s total revenue doubled year-over-year and recorded an amount of $115.2 billion. A lot of this growth was supported by Blackwell sales, which reached $11 billion alone in FQ4 2025. Blackwell is designed for AI inference, with 25 times higher throughput and 20 times lower cost than the previously made models. It is deployed by major cloud providers like Azure and AWS. On April 14, Bank of America reiterated a Buy rating on the company because of its belief that NVIDIA is relatively protected from the China-US tariff war. Wall Street analysts currently have a consensus Buy rating on the stock with an average price target of $175. Guinness Global Innovators is highly bullish on NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) due to its dominant AI chip market position. It stated the following in its Q4 2024 investor letter: “For a second year running, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) was the Fund’s top performing stock, delivering a stellar return of +177.7% over the year. Since the beginning of last year, Nvidia’s ‘Hopper’ GPUs have been at the centre of exploding demand for chips powerful and efficient enough to facilitate the energy intensive requirements of AI processes within datacentres. Initially possessing over 95% of market share in these types of chips, Nvidia have been quick to entrench their position as the technological leader in the space, launching the successor to the current ‘Hopper’ GPU in March, Blackwell, inhibiting the likes of AMD and Intel making meaningful inroads in taking share of the fast-growing market. Compared to the previous iteration (Hopper) which is continuing to fuel Nvidia’s extreme revenue growth, the Blackwell chip is twice as powerful for training AI models and has 5 times the capability when it comes to “inference” (the speed at which AI models respond to queries). Throughout the year, Nvidia’s financial performance has remained resilient. Quarterly revenues hit $35.1 billion in their most recent quarter, beating consensus expectations by 6% and representing a +94% year-over-year increase. Additionally, Nvidia’s data centre segment, driven by the Hopper (H100) chip, grew fivefold over the past year, underscoring the sustained demand for advanced AI infrastructure. The H100 chip, priced at around $40,000, continues to see significant adoption due to its ability to enhance AI model training efficiency while lowering overall costs. This growth is expected to continue as companies invest in upgrading existing data centres and building new ones, with Nvidia well-positioned to capture a significant share of the estimated $2 trillion market opportunity over the next five years. There have been some concerns over Blackwell production delays causing share price volatility however, Nvidia has recovered swiftly, driven by positive earnings results through the year and assurances from management regarding future supply. Additionally, the release of the H200 chip promises to extend Nvidia’s technological leadership, ensuring continued momentum into 2025. While Nvidia’s valuation remains a topic of debate, the stock is not at a significant premium to history, and it still appears reasonable given its dominant market position, innovative prowess, and exposure to long-term secular growth trends in AI, cloud computing, and data infrastructure. As a result, Nvidia remains well-positioned to deliver sustained outperformance over the long term, making it a cornerstone of growth-oriented portfolios.” Overall, NVDA ranks 2nd on our list of the 12 Reddit stocks with high potential. While we acknowledge the growth potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. The tech market took it on the chin on Wednesday as the trade war picked up steam and the Federal Reserve sounds like it's not going to bail out the market.  Big tech in both the U.S. and China were hit hard today.  Broadcom (NASDAQ: AVGO) fell as much as 6.7%, Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) dropped 5.6%, and JD.com (NASDAQ: JD) fell 6.4%. Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is falling fast amid multiple bearish catalysts in Wednesday's trading.  Nvidia's valuation is heading lower today amid multiple bearish catalysts.  Yesterday, the company submitted a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that it would be taking a $5.5 billion write-down following news from the U.S. government that it would now require an export license to sell its H20 processors to China. Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension." Gold prices rose to another record high on Wednesday as stocks tumbled after AI chip giant Nvidia warned it would take a big hit from escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. Janus Henderson's Denny Fish says the US is penalizing Nvidia and giving the market to Huawei as President Trump's administration curbs chips export to China. He joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology" to discuss. The Trump administration has effectively barred Nvidia from selling its custom artificial intelligence processors to customers in China. Within the largest companies in the sector, the players least affected by China risk are Alphabet and Meta Platforms. (Bloomberg) -- Oil rose on the prospect of a de-escalation in the trade war between the world’s two largest economies and a stall in nuclear talks between the US and Iran. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsWest Texas Intermediate futures added 1.9% to settle near $62.50 a barrel, the third gain in Abbott Laboratories shares surged Wednesday after the medical device maker said it plans to invest $500 million in U.S. operations and topped Wall Street’s expectations with its first-quarter results. Plus: Ethereum developers privacy debate reignites, Optimum raises funds in seed round, Noble’s new ‘AppLayer’ Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
