Title: Shares fall in Asia as Nvidia curbs fan worries, gold hits record
Date: 2025-04-16 02:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shares-fall-asia-nvidia-curbs-023849824.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. By Stella Qiu SYDNEY (Reuters) - Shares fell in Asia on Wednesday as AI darling Nvidia (NVDA) took a hit from U.S. curbs on chip sales to China, highlighting the damage to come in a tit-for-tat global trade war, while gold hit a record and the dollar stayed under pressure. Data showed that China's economy grew 5.4% in the first quarter from a year earlier, beating expectations, although trade tensions with the U.S. have clouded the outlook. Overnight, President Donald Trump ordered a probe into potential new tariffs on all U.S. critical minerals imports, on top of reviews into pharmaceutical and chip imports. Beijing is continuing to play hardball, having reportedly ordered airlines to suspend deliveries of Boeing aircraft. Treasury yields were steady ahead of a key speech from Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell later in the day. Fed Governor Christopher Waller already sounded dovish and the expectation is Powell will echo the recent messages from his colleagues amid the tariff chaos. S&P 500 (ES=F) futures fell 0.8% while Nasdaq (NQ=F) futures slumped 1.4%. That was due to a 6% plunge in Nvidia shares in after-hours trading, which erased a total of $160 billion in its market cap. The chip giant is facing $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips. "This disclosure is a clear sign that Nvidia now has massive restrictions and hurdles in selling to China," said Daniel Ives, analyst at Wedbush Securities. "The Street will take this news with clear nervousness worried these are the first shots fired in the tech battle between the US and China and Beijing/Xi are not just going to take this news and walk away." On Wednesday, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.9%, snapping a four-day winning streak. Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.5%. Chinese blue chips fell 0.6%, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slid 1.6%. Chinese semiconductor shares, however, rallied with Hua Hong Semi up 4% and SMIC 1% higher. "Both countries seem to believe they have the upper hand, potentially prolonging the current stalemate for months to come," said analysts at PGIM Fixed Income in a note to clients. "China appears to have no intention of climbing down from its current stance on tariffs and instead views the current trade dynamics as an opportunity to make inroads with countries that export to the U.S." The White House said Trump is open to making a trade deal with China but Beijing should make the first move. All of the uncertainties left gold (GC=F) in an unstoppable position, with the bullion up 1.2% to hit another record high of $3,266.65 per ounce. ANZ on Wednesday updated their forecast for gold to hit $3,600 an ounce by the year-end, arguing that the risk-off purchases for the asset are yet to pick up. U.S. Treasuries found some love after an epic sell-off last week, helped in part by Trump's tariff reversals. The benchmark 10-year yield was steady at 4.325%, well off the recent high of 4.592%. The 30-year yield was little changed at 4.777%, also some 25 basis points lower from the high seen last week. In the currency markets, the dollar was on the back foot again, with the euro up 0.3% to $1.1316 and the yen 0.3% higher at 142.84 per dollar. Bank of Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda told the Sankei newspaper that the central bank may need to take policy action if U.S. tariffs hurt the Japanese economy, signalling the potential to pause the bank's rate-hike cycle. Oil prices were marginally higher. Brent inched up 0.2% at $64.79 a barrel, while U.S. crude also rose 0.2%to $61.42 per barrel. (Reporting by Stella Qiu; Editing by Saad Sayeed) The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales. The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. Chinese sellers of items from lunch boxes to appliances have taken to social media platform Rednote to generate sympathy purchases, telling domestic consumers they are offloading stock at bargain prices amid U.S. tariffs.  Over the past week, dozens of sellers have broadcast livestreams showing goods produced for U.S. customers, which they said they could no longer sell because of tariff rates of 145% for made-in-China goods imposed by President Donald Trump's administration.  Some of the sellers sold items such as Costa Coffee mugs, but most were brands not widely known abroad, such as OSTMARS and APLX, which are sold on Amazon. U.S. President Donald Trump has ratcheted up tariffs on Chinese goods, prompting Beijing to slap retaliatory duties on U.S. imports in an intensifying trade war between the world's two biggest economies that markets fear will lead to a global recession.  Traders appeared to show scant response to China's GDP data,  with both indexes holding near pre-announcement levels. SHANGHAI (Reuters) -Tesla's plans to ship components from China for Cybercab and Semi electric trucks in the United States were suspended after President Donald Trump raised tariffs on Chinese goods amid a trade war, said a person with direct knowledge.  The move could disrupt Tesla's plan to start mass production of the much-anticipated models, which its CEO Elon Musk has been touting to investors as major innovations providing growth momentum of the U.S. automaker. (Bloomberg) -- Gold rose to a record high as US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global war, sparking another retreat from equities and a move toward haven assets.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Nvidia said it would record a $5.5 billion charge on its quarterly earnings and disclosed that the U.S. will now require a license for exporting the company's H20 processors to China and other countries.  Nvidia shares fell more than 6% in after-hours trading.  The H20 chips have far less processing power than the latest top-of-the-line Nvidia processors. China's economy expanded at a 5.4% annual pace in January-March, supported by strong exports ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump’s rapid increases in tariffs on Chinese exports, the government said Wednesday.  Analysts are forecasting that the world’s second largest economy will slow significantly in coming months, however, as tariffs as high as 145% on U.S. imports from China take effect.  Exports were a strong factor in China’s ability to attain a 5% annual growth rate in 2024 and the official target for this year remains at about 5%. Oil prices were flat early on Wednesday, as shifting U.S. trade policies fuelled uncertainty while markets assessed the potential impact of the U.S.-China trade war on economic growth and energy demand.  Brent crude futures rose 5 cents, or 0.1%, to $64.72 per barrel by 0039 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was up 3 cents, or 0.1%, to $61.36.  Global oil demand is expected to grow at its slowest rate for five years in 2025 and U.S. production rises will also taper off, due to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs on trading partners and their retaliatory moves, the International Energy Agency said on Tuesday. Chinese first quarter GDP data and a batch of March economic indicators are due later in the session, though they will be backward-looking and U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell is scheduled to speak.  It is up more than 4.5% this month and was overdue a pullback and there has also been little sign of substantive progress toward any deal to avoid heavy U.S. tariffs.  The Swiss franc, the largest gainer amongst G10 currencies since Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariff announcement, was firmer on Wednesday morning at 0.8184 per dollar. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
