Title: Why Tech Stocks Crashed on Wednesday
Date: 2025-04-16 19:54
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/why-tech-stocks-crashed-on-wednesday/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=fe897bd6-02e1-4e52-8d6f-cc22ada4f822&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Key Points The tech market took it on the chin on Wednesday as the trade war picked up steam and the Federal Reserve sounds like it's not going to bail out the market. Big tech in both the U.S. and China were hit hard today. Broadcom (AVGO -2.30%) fell as much as 6.7%, Alibaba Group (BABA -4.72%) dropped 5.6%, and JD.com (JD -5.54%) fell 6.4%. After the market closed on Tuesday, investors learned that Nvidia would need a license to sell H20 processors into China, but that license hasn't been granted and it doesn't seem likely it will be.  The direct impact on Nvidia is a $5.5 billion write-down in the first fiscal quarter this year, but the impact could be much broader. The escalation of the trade war between the U.S. and China could split the global market into two systems, which would have the impact of forcing Chinese companies to develop chips and technology they currently buy from the U.S. This would likely be a negative for companies like Broadcom, which wants to sell globally. But for Chinese companies like Alibaba and JD.com it may put pressure on their tech products if they aren't able to buy the best chips in the market to build their artificial intelligence products. On top of the Nvidia news, the Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell spoke on Wednesday after the two-day OMC meeting that sets short-term interest rates. Rates were held flat and Powell said the central bank can be patient with rate decisions as the economy and markets process President Donald Trump's tariffs and their impact. He did say the Fed expects higher inflation and slower growth than it had previously expected, but the labor market and economy remain solid for now. The negative impact of tariffs were likely put off because importers brought in excess goods in the first quarter to front-run tariffs, which will have a negative impact on GDP growth despite not fundamentally changing the economy. The market may be looking for rate cuts to save the day, but cutting rates with high inflation could make inflation worse, so the Fed is in a tough position. Today, at least, a wait-and-see approach is being met by selling by investors. The last few years have been a boon for tech companies and that's in large part because growth tailwinds in the U.S. and internationally have driven more operating margin expansion as they scale. But if the world is splitting into U.S.- and China-centric tech industries with barriers between the two, it lowers the upside for any tech company, and that could potentially reduce profitability. Investors aren't going to wait for the negative earnings reports to come in a few months, they're going to sell stocks now and ask questions later. This is a "risk off" environment, and if the trade war continues there could be much more selling ahead.     Before you buy stock in Broadcom, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Broadcom wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor. See the 10 stocks ›  *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025   Travis Hoium has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Alibaba Group, Broadcom, and JD.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Learn more › Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026 Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories. Stocks Mentioned  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Related Articles 
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
       Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Join Stock Advisor Now to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%* By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!** Don't Miss Out!  Continue › *$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.