Title: Trump’s Nvidia deal lays bare the contradictions in America’s AI policy
Date: 2025-04-15 18:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-nvidia-deal-lays-bare-184204048.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. No company has cashed in on the generative AI boom quite like Nvidia, whose chips and software help power AI used by Microsoft, Google, Meta, OpenAI, and Tesla. So it’s no surprise that as President Trump moves to impose tariffs on semiconductors—after initially carving out an exemption—Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang is looking to strike a deal to reduce the impact of potential tariffs on his company. But his efforts so far have highlighted the mixed AI policy messages coming from the Trump administration. For example, after Huang attended a $1 million-a-head dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week, the White House supposedly paused plans to restrict the export of the company’s H20 chips, allowing their continued sale in China. The move surprised many in the chip industry who had expected the Trump administration to impose tighter controls instead, but by Tuesday afternoon the news had shifted once more: Nvidia said it will take a quarterly charge of about $5.5 billion tied to exporting H20 chips to China and other destinations, leading to a stock slide of 5% in extended trading. Nvidia had designed the H20—a modified version of its higher-end chips—to comply with the export controls introduced during the Biden administration. But the subsequent success of China’s DeepSeek and other high-quality, low-cost AI models led the Trump administration to consider adding the H20 to the list of chips Nvidia can’t sell there. To add to the confused messaging, Michael Kratsios—making his first public remarks on Monday since being confirmed by the Senate as White House director of tech and science policy—stressed the need to curb China’s AI ambitions. That, of course, stood in stark contrast to the same White House abandoning its plans to restrict exporting the H20 chip. At the inaugural Endless Frontiers tech and policy retreat in Austin, Katsios said the U.S. should stop helping China catch up in the AI race. “Strict and simple export controls and know-your customer rules, with an unapologetic America-first attitude about enforcing them, are central to stopping China from continuing to build itself up at our expense,” he said. “We want peace between our countries, and that peace depends on keeping America’s bleeding-edge technology out of our competitor’s hands.” The original about-face on H20 reportedly came after Huang promised new U.S. investments in AI data centers to the tune of $500 billion, which Nvidia announced yesterday. The company said it had commissioned more than a million square feet of manufacturing space to build and test Nvidia Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas. But if Trump is looking for data centers to quickly rise like phoenixes in the Texas desert, he may be disappointed. The Republican-controlled Texas statehouse is poised to pass legislation that imposes regulatory hurdles on those very data centers, with the goal of protecting the power grid from new energy-hungry construction. The legislation would introduce new rules including a six-month review process for new data center approvals, in addition to an existing six-to-18-month evaluation period. Patrick Moorhead, founder of Moor Insights & Strategy, told Fortune there is currently “not a lot of clarity” in U.S. AI policy. “The administration is sending mixed signals, depending on the day or the time of the day,” he said. “Is this chaos theory of negotiation? I don't know. Is this an administration that doesn't actually have a consistent AI policy? Or is it door number three, which is not doing media training, [and] getting on the same page?” Moorhead suspects it’s all of the above. For Huang, it’s a very delicate dance in order to get what he wants. That includes being friends with both China and the U.S., which, given the current trade-war environment and the supply-chain problems it has created, is no easy feat. This story was originally featured on Fortune.com The current tariff reprieve in the tech sector is likely temporary, said Eric Compton, director of equity research for the sector at Morningstar. Big Tech thinks quantum computing will supercharge AI. First, it has to solve its biggest problem: scaling qubits. Which of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks has the most generative artificial intelligence (AI) patents?  You might think it's a company like Microsoft, which has developed extensive generative AI capabilities for its popular products, or Nvidia, which develops the chips that make AI technology possible.  Based on The Motley Fool's latest research, Alphabet has 631 different generative AI patents -- second most among U.S. companies and a far greater number than any of its big-tech counterparts. President Trump said all necessary permits will be expedited and quickly delivered to Nvidia and others committed to be part of the "Golden Age of America." TOKYO (Reuters) -Bank of Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda said the central bank may need to take policy action if U.S. tariffs hurt the Japanese economy, the Sankei newspaper reported on Wednesday, signalling the potential to pause the bank's rate-hike cycle.  Since February, risks surrounding U.S. President Donald Trump's policies have "moved closer towards the bad scenario" the BOJ had envisioned, Ueda said in an interview, adding that recent developments have already affected corporate and household confidence.  Ueda said the BOJ will continue to raise interest rates "at an appropriate pace" if economic and price developments move in line with its projections. Investors enjoyed another day of much-needed rest and recuperation on Tuesday after the last few bruising weeks, with no further strains in global trade tensions or left-field policy announcements from the White House pushing bond yields and volatility lower, although Wall Street closed slightly down.  The dollar rebounded from three-year lows, but U.S. President Donald Trump's upending of the global economic order suggests the "strong dollar policy" advocated by Washington over the last three decades has never rung more hollow. US Secretary Scott Bessent shares his latest thinking on the Trump tax plan. Shares fell in Asia on Wednesday as AI darling Nvidia took a hit from U.S. curbs on chip sales to China, highlighting the damage to come in a tit-for-tat global trade war, while gold hit a record and the dollar stayed under pressure.  Data showed that China's economy grew 5.4% in the first quarter from a year earlier, beating expectations, although trade tensions with the U.S. have clouded the outlook.  Overnight, President Donald Trump ordered a probe into potential new tariffs on all U.S. critical minerals imports, on top of reviews into pharmaceutical and chip imports. Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
