Title: Why Nvidia's $500B AI build-out may not be 'smooth sailing'
Date: 2025-04-14 20:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-nvidias-500b-ai-build-202557360.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Nvidia (NVDA) is ramping up US production with plans to build supercomputer manufacturing plants in the US, but investor enthusiasm remains muted as questions swirl around AI demand and rising competition. Santosh Rao, head of research at Manhattan Venture Partners, explains why Nvidia's domestic manufacturing push isn't moving the stock. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here. What I can't figure out, maybe you can help us understand it, is Nvidia. Right? Now they're going to, uh, build chips and AI platforms here in the US. So certainly, uh, tariffs aren't going to be relevant for them once that's up and running in a year. And yet the stock is barely up today, maybe half a percent. Can you help us understand why Nvidia isn't up more? Yeah, I think Nvidia has a lot of other things going as well. There is this suspicion that AI has run its course, uh, things like that. You know, maybe people have already got their chips already. So things like that. Then we had Deepseek, and there's some alternatives to Nvidia. Maybe you can do things cheaper and faster in some other ways. So that that total dominance of Nvidia is being threatened, though I don't believe that. Nvidia is still the major player. Uh, you need them for everything from robotics to cars to everything else. They are the core piece of every all the things that are going on, or that are coming down the pike. So I don't think Nvidia is at risk, but on the face of it, I think there is a risk. There is that feeling that maybe it's not smooth sailing. They're going to have some, they need to do some reinvention and be ahead of the game. So there are some challenges ahead. So they had other issues going as well. Uh, and Nvidia is playing the tariff game pretty well. They're well-positioned. They're already in, uh, in Arizona, and they agree to spend $500 million, which, billion, I think that's that's great as well. So I think they're doing the right things, so I think they're okay. But overall, I think AI, the whole whole setup around AI is kind of not as smooth as it was before. President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. Nvidia (NVDA) concluded the recent trading session at $110.71, signifying a -0.2% move from its prior day's close. (Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating trade probes led by the Commerce Department. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe moves, announced Monday in the We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […] (Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThat was most evident in th Planet Home Lending offers a variety of home loans, including popular mortgage options like USDA and VA loans. Find out if Planet Home Lending is right for you. Learn more about the child and dependent care tax credit including how to qualify and what it’s worth. Hertz said the incident may have resulted in personal data being impacted.  The company said Cleo Communications, a vendor that provides file transfer services, experienced an incident where hackers exploited zero-day vulnerabilities within its platform in October and December.  The affected data could include customers' contact, credit card and driver's license information, Hertz said in a notification on its website, adding that a small number of those may have had their social security or passport information impacted as well. A high-yield savings account can help your balance grow faster. Compare the best savings interest rates today and ensure you're earning the best rate possible. The firm lays out how the S&P 500 could break out above its current trading range between 5,000 and 5,500. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
