Title: Nvidia (NVDA) Stock Slides as Market Rises: Facts to Know Before You Trade
Date: 2025-04-14 21:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-stock-slides-market-214515538.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Nvidia (NVDA) closed the most recent trading day at $110.71, moving -0.2% from the previous trading session. The stock's change was less than the S&P 500's daily gain of 0.79%. Elsewhere, the Dow gained 0.78%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq added 0.64%. Prior to today's trading, shares of the maker of graphics chips for gaming and artificial intelligence had lost 8.83% over the past month. This has lagged the Computer and Technology sector's loss of 4.81% and the S&P 500's loss of 3.56% in that time. The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of Nvidia in its upcoming release. The company is slated to reveal its earnings on May 28, 2025. The company is predicted to post an EPS of $0.93, indicating a 52.46% growth compared to the equivalent quarter last year. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $43.22 billion, up 65.94% from the prior-year quarter. Regarding the entire year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates forecast earnings of $4.41 per share and revenue of $198.54 billion, indicating changes of +47.49% and +52.14%, respectively, compared to the previous year. Investors should also pay attention to any latest changes in analyst estimates for Nvidia. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As a result, upbeat changes in estimates indicate analysts' favorable outlook on the company's business health and profitability. Our research demonstrates that these adjustments in estimates directly associate with imminent stock price performance. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system. The Zacks Rank system, spanning from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), boasts an impressive track record of outperformance, audited externally, with #1 ranked stocks yielding an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has witnessed a 0.47% increase. Nvidia is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). In terms of valuation, Nvidia is presently being traded at a Forward P/E ratio of 25.18. This indicates a premium in contrast to its industry's Forward P/E of 24.56. We can additionally observe that NVDA currently boasts a PEG ratio of 0.98. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. As the market closed yesterday, the Semiconductor - General industry was having an average PEG ratio of 1.69. The Semiconductor - General industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 66, which puts it in the top 27% of all 250+ industries. The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1. Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Apple, Nvidia and other tech company stocks rebounded on Monday, after the Trump administration said tariffs affecting the electronics industry on products like smartphones are coming later. President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in. Alphabet (GOOGL) concluded the recent trading session at $159.07, signifying a +1.23% move from its prior day's close. The home improvement retailer is acquiring Artisan Design Group for $1.33 billion in cash, Lowe’s said Monday.  ADG helps contractors design, deliver, and install interior finishes, such as flooring, cabinets and countertops.  It is currently owned by private-equity firm Sterling Group. Coinbase Global, Inc. (COIN) closed at $176.58 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.62% move from the prior day. MicroStrategy  stock rose Monday after the world’s largest corporate holder of  said it had snapped up even more of the digital currency.  The company, which does business as Strategy, revealed in a Form 8-K that it had acquired 3,459 Bitcoins for roughly $285.8 million, or around $82,618 per Bitcoin, between April 7 and Monday.  The latest purchase brought MicroStrategy’s total holdings to 531,664 units of the digital currency, with an aggregate purchase price of $35.92 billion. Our time-tested methodologies were at work to help investors navigate the market well last week. Here are some of our key performance data from the past three months. Shares of Apple and Dell Technologies rise after the Trump administration exempts smartphones, computers, memory chips, and other electronics from broad tariffs, Nvidia will for the first time make artificial-intelligence supercomputers entirely in the United States, and Goldman Sachs reports better-than-expected first-quarter earnings. Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that “You’d kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)” for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia’s exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive. During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
