Title: Trump administration backs off Nvidia's H20 chip crackdown after Mar-a-Lago dinner, NPR reports
Date: 2025-04-09 17:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-administration-backs-off-nvidias-170237325.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Reuters) - The Trump administration has reversed course on plans to restrict exports of Nvidia's H20 artificial intelligence chips to China after CEO Jensen Huang attended a Mar-a-Lago dinner last week, NPR reported on Wednesday. The planned American export controls on the chips — the most advanced AI processor legally available in China under U.S. export controls — had been in the works for months, NPR reported, citing two sources, and were ready to be implemented as soon as this week. The change in plans came after Nvidia promised the Trump administration new U.S. investments in AI data centers, the NPR report said. The White House and Nvidia did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment. U.S. President Donald Trump's administration was considering tightening restrictions on the AI leader's sales of its H20 chips designed for the China market, Reuters had reported in January. The idea to restrict shipments of those chips to China has been under consideration since Democratic former President Joe Biden's administration. In February, Reuters exclusively reported a surge in orders for the H20, driven by booming demand for Chinese startup DeepSeek's low-cost AI models. Chinese companies, including ByteDance, Alibaba Group and Tencent Holdings, have placed at least $16 billion in orders for Nvidia's H20 server chips in the first three months of the year, the Information reported last week. Two U.S. lawmakers, Republican John Moolenaar and Democrat Raja Krishnamoorthi, called for more restrictions on exports of Nvidia's artificial intelligence chips in late January. (Reporting by Juby Babu in Mexico City; Editing by Alan Barona) Cognizant teams up with OMRON to transform manufacturing with IT-OT integration, offering smart solutions for enhanced productivity and sustainability. The recently-battered Magnificent Seven stocks got some much-needed relief in the form of Trump's tariff pause. Tesla shares climbed more than 17%, while Nvidia and Meta shares also notched double-digit gains. Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Investment bank TD Cowen lowered its price target on Nvidia (NVDA) stock to $140 from $175 today but kept a Buy rating on the shares. NVDA Has Many Positive Attributes, TD Cowen Says The chip maker should be boosted by its strong technology, while the firm’s long-term outlook is positive, according to the investment bank. […] The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. New tariffs could usher in upheaval in the packaging industry similar to that caused by the 2018-19 trade war between the U.S. and China, say industry observers. We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of hedge funds, is […] Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. (Bloomberg) -- Walmart Inc. executives are confident that the world’s largest retailer will reach its financial targets this year, despite tariff turbulence that’s sparking uncertainty in the world economy. On Wednesday, Walmart said that it still sees net sales growing 3% to 4% this year. That forecast accounts for tariffs, unlike its previous outlook from February. The company, which has historically performed well in economic downturns, plans to keep prices low. This means it could take a sho Michael Saylor urges investors to "HODL" as Bitcoin slides below $77K amid rising tariffs and deepening market turmoil. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
