Title: Stocks resume sell-off as tariff costs hit tech and Powell delivers starkest warning yet on Trump's 
Date: 2025-04-16 20:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-resume-sell-off-as-tariff-costs-hit-tech-and-powell-delivers-starkest-warning-yet-on-trumps-trade-war-202622781.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. US stocks tumbled on Wednesday as investors were reminded of the costs President Trump's tariffs will have for major companies and the challenges these policies may present for the broader US economy. The market sell-off intensified in the final hours of trading as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell delivered perhaps his starkest warning yet on the potentially stagflationary effects of Trump's tariff policies. Powell warned during a speech in Chicago of the "challenging" impacts of the uncertainty that has hit the economy, adding the central bank will "wait for greater clarity" before considering any interest rate adjustments. These remarks amped up the potential negative impacts of sweeping tariffs and took away the likelihood the Fed would be quick to cut rates should the economy slow. Specifically, Powell warned tariffs "are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation," adding, "The inflationary effects could also be more persistent." Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet The benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) dropped about 2.2% while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) shed roughly 700 points, or around 1.7%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) fell over 3% as the new chip provisions weighed on the tech sector. Wednesday's losses upset what had become a more stable environment for financial markets after the initial shock of "Liberation Day" sent markets reeling earlier this month. These remarks came in the middle of what was already shaping up to be a negative day for US stocks, led by the tech sector. AI chip leader Nvidia (NVDA) revealed late Tuesday night that new restrictions from the US government on its chip exports to China would result in $5.5 billion in charges. AMD (AMD) made similar announcement, saying the new provisions could cost the chipmaker up to $800 million. Nvidia and AMD both fell about 7% on the day. "What this comes down to is this continued level of uncertainty in the markets," Sylvia Jablonski, Defiance ETFs CEO and CIO, told Yahoo Finance. Policy uncertainty has been at the forefront of the recent market sell-off. Economists broadly expect these policies to boost inflation and slow economic growth. To some, that combination leads to a clear result. "Recession odds are climbing even further as Powell pushes back the timing of cuts," Renaissance Macro head of economics Neil Dutta wrote in a note on Wednesday. During the question-and-answer session at the Economic Club of Chicago, Powell was asked directly whether the Federal Reserve would intervene if the stock market continued to plummet. "No," Powell said, denying the theory that there is a so-called Fed put, or level of a stock market sell-off where the Fed would cut interest rates to calm markets. Powell said markets are currently attempting to asses a highly uncertain environment, and that leads to volatility. "Markets are doing what they're supposed to do," Powell said. "They're orderly and they're functioning just about as you would expect them to function." On Wednesday, that market function featured shifting investor views on Nvidia amid the new costly provisions laid on by the Trump administration. Interactive Brokers chief strategist Steve Sosnick told Yahoo Finance that the slide in Nvidia shares was "emblematic" of the issues driving the stock market lower over the past month. As earnings season progresses in the weeks ahead, it's unlikely Nvidia will be the only company to warn about higher costs. "This is uncertainty," Sosnick said. "And uncertainty is a killer for a company, for any company." Josh Schafer is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X @_joshschafer. Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance US benchmark equity indexes tumbled Wednesday amid a sell-off in Nvidia (NVDA) shares and as Federal World stocks fell into a downward spiral on Wednesday led by tech losses after Washington said it is putting new curbs on AI chip exports to China, marking an escalation in the global trade war.  The Trump administration's latest broadside sparked huge demand for safe-haven assets like gold, the Swiss franc and U.S. Treasuries, even though Fed Chair Jerome Powell signalled he is in no rush to cut interest rates.  If U.S. Big Tech had acquired a safe-haven status in the eyes of some investors in recent years, it is disappearing fast. Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday the central bank will 'wait for greater clarity' before considering any changes to interest rates as he expects President Trump’s tariffs to generate 'higher inflation and slower growth.' The news comes a day after Nvidia warned of a $5.5 billion hit as Washington restricted exports of its AI processor tailored for China.  Intel, under new CEO Lip-Bu Tan, told clients last week that its chips would require a license for exporting to China if they have a total DRam bandwidth of 1,400 gigabytes (GB) per second or more, input-output (I/O) bandwidth of 1,100 GB per second or more, or a total of both of 1,700 GB per second or more, according to the report.  Intel's Gaudi series as well as Nvidia's H20 far exceed these requirements, the report said. Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession. These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
