Title: Morgan Stanley, Citi cut US earnings estimates as season starts
Date: 2025-04-14 08:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-citi-cut-us-085941613.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup Inc. (C) slashed their estimates for 2025 earnings as companies kick off their first-quarter reports, joining a wave of Wall Street banks warning that tariffs will curb profit growth.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Citi’s head of US equity strategy, Scott Chronert lowered his 2025 prediction for the S&P 500 to 5,800 from 6,500, predicated on earnings of $255 a share for companies in the index, down from a previous $270 projection. At Morgan Stanley, Mike Wilson cut his 2025 earnings-per-share forecast to $257 from $271.
“The 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs and further concessions over the weekend lessen the near-term probability of a recession, but uncertainty remains high,” said Wilson, who sees the S&P 500 trading in a range from 5,000-5,500. The index finished last week at 5,363.36.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) has fallen 8.8% this year on concern that investors increasingly are shifting away from US assets. The selloff was worsened by Donald Trump’s “reciprocal” tariffs policy and the tit-for-tat spat with China. Investors are rushing to game out how the effective freezing of Chinese trade will impact companies and growth.
Morgan Stanley’s Wilson warned that the S&P 500 could slump back below 5,000 and retest last week’s lows if 10-year Treasuries yields surge above 5% from the current 4.46%. A larger trade deal with China that significantly reduces tariffs still in place would cause significant upside, he said.
Read: ‘No Place to Hide’ as Stress Spreads Across Assets: Taking Stock
The first signs of a slowdown in global trade are already emerging as companies around the world hit their own pause button on orders. If anything, Trump is extending the uncertainty that has already begun to drag on business and consumer sentiment.
“No doubt, the goldilocks sentiment in place entering this year has given way to abject uncertainty,” Chronert wrote in a note. “This is for good reason as the Trump administration’s announced tariff approach is set to disrupt” a global trade system that has developed since China entered the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Companies’ attempts to pass through tariff-driven price increases threaten the US consumers’ incomes, who’s spending power has already been sapped by post-pandemic inflation.
While a recession is not their base case, the probability for a mild one remains high, according to Chronert and Wilson.
Some impacts are already visible. Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade last week.
In a difficult environment, Wilson recommends looking for opportunities in industries where prices already reflect the risks, including transports, materials, semiconductors, autos and pharma/biotech as well as hardware, while leaning towards bearish bets in areas such as consumer discretionary and staples stocks.
—With assistance from Michael Msika.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        

JetBlue adds two non-stop routes from Fort Lauderdale. Volaris reports a decline in March load factor.
(Bloomberg) -- The equity market’s liquidity has deteriorated sharply in the last few weeks, contributing to a spike in volatility as tariff worries rocked markets, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageSud
Analysts lowered earnings forecasts to account for tariffs and a weakening economy while economists slash GDP estimates.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.
If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment.
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.