Title: How Should You Play DAL Stock Post Scandinavian Expansion Update?
Date: 2025-05-07 16:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/play-dal-stock-post-scandinavian-161700728.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
This summer, Delta Air Lines DAL plans to fly nonstop to Copenhagen and Stockholm, as well as to more than 35 destinations across Scandinavia, through its partnership with Scandinavian Airlines System ("SAS"), the flag carrier of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. We remind investors that DAL and SAS inked a codeshare agreement last year to improve connectivity between North America and Scandinavia.
Under the expansion-oriented move, DAL will operate non-stop flights (thrice a week) on the Minneapolis–St. Paul to Copenhagen route from May 22. Additionally, a direct summer service from New York–JFK to Copenhagen and JFK to Stockholm will start on April 14.  These flights will operate daily. Moreover, out of the 35 additional destinations, six are in Denmark, 14 are in Norway and 15 in Sweden.
The move to expand in Scandinavia is a prudent one by Delta because demand for long-haul travel remains buoyant, even in the tariff-induced uncertain scenario. In the first quarter of 2025, DAL’s international revenues were up 7% year over year. Given this move, the question that naturally arises is how investors should approach DAL stock. Let us delve deeper.
Over the past 30 days, shares of Delta have performed well, gaining 24.9%, above the Zacks Transportation- Airline industry’s 23.1% uptick and fellow airline player American Airlines’ AAL 15% gain in the same timeframe. Another airline heavyweight, United Airlines UAL, has performed even better, gaining 30.9% in the past month.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The airline industry, of which DAL is an integral part, has been badly hit by trade tensions. Economic uncertainties and the resultant reduction in consumer and corporate confidence, which hurt domestic air travel demand, prevented airline stocks from gaining altitude.
Against this backdrop, the signs of easing trade tensions, which emanated from late last month, are highly welcome. President Trump and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent hinted that the 145% tariffs on Chinese goods could be reduced soon. Bessent believes that the current scenario is “unsustainable.” Trump is also exploring pauses on certain tariffs, particularly on auto imports and some consumer electronics.
Bessent struck an optimistic tone during a private investor summit last month, suggesting that the current state of U.S.-China tariffs is not viable in the long term. He expects more "clarity" on tariffs in the months ahead. During Vice President JD Vance's visit to India last month, discussions included cooperation in technology, defense, and energy, with the White House noting “progress” on several fronts.
These updates on the possibility of trade tensions easing boosted airline stocks like DAL, which has a presence in multiple countries. The developments contributed to the Atlanta, GA-based airline company’s recent impressive share price performance. DAL and its alliance partners collectively serve over 120 countries and territories, with more than 800 destinations served globally.
Low Fuel Costs: The southward movement of oil prices bodes well for Delta's bottom-line growth. This is because fuel expenses are a significant input cost for the aviation space. Crude oil is struggling in 2025, with prices sliding to multi-month lows. Tariff concerns, weakening consumer confidence and production increase by OPEC+ have all contributed to this downward pressure. As evidence, expenses on aircraft fuel and related taxes declined 7% year over year in the first quarter of 2025, aiding DAL’s bottom line. The oil price-induced cost relief could support margins and lend ticket pricing flexibility to airlines like DAL in this uncertain era.
Shareholder-Friendly Approach: Highlighting its shareholder-friendly stance, DAL’s management recently approved a share repurchase program worth $1 billion. The buyback is anticipated to be completed no later than June 30, 2028. DAL also pays a quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share. Through dividends and buybacks, Delta intends to return over $2 billion to shareholders over the next three years. DAL’s dividend yield is currently pegged at 1.34%. In this scenario of uncertainty, DAL’s dividend-paying capacity is a positive for income-seeking investors. This highlights confidence in its cash flow and prospects.
Compelling Stock Valuation: DAL stock is quite cheap, as its Value Score of A does not suggest a stretched valuation at this moment. In terms of price-to-sales, DAL is trading at a forward sales multiple of 0.47, which is not only lower than the industry average but also other airline companies like American Airlines and United Airlines. American Airlines and United Airlines also currently have a Value Score of A, like DAL.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
There is no doubt that the stock is attractively valued. The company’s shareholder-friendly initiatives, highlighted by its recent buyback approval, further add to its appeal. Its recent price surge is also impressive. The Wall Street average target price of $59.73 for DAL stock suggests an upside of more than 33% from current levels.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Although signs of trade tensions easing have emerged, until a concrete trade deal is inked, we are not out of the woods as far as this uncertainty is concerned. In addition, high labor costs (expenses on salaries and related costs were up 11% in 2024) are hurting the bottom line.
Given the current scenario, it is not at all advisable to buy this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. Investors should monitor the company’s developments closely for an appropriate entry point. For those who already own the DAL stock, it will be prudent to stay invested.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Airlines have been under pressure due to macro concerns and headlines questioning the safety of the nation's air traffic control system.  The U.S. government is pitching a plan to invest billions to quickly overhaul control towers.  The U.S. government has announced plans to spend "tens of billions" to upgrade the air traffic control system, advancements that will hopefully help alleviate concerns about flying following a series of high-profile incidents.
Passenger revenues at ALGT improve 6.3% year over year in the first quarter of 2025 and earnings per share surpass estimates.
Advanced Micro Devices' Q1 2025 results reflect robust Client and Data Center revenues, offsetting weakness in the Gaming and Embedded segments.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.