Title: US airline CEOs to back Trump administration air traffic control reform plan
Date: 2025-05-07 16:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-airline-ceos-back-trump-164718047.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The CEOs of the five largest U.S. airlines on Thursday plan to back the Trump administration's proposal to spend tens of billions of dollars to reform the aging air traffic control system and boost hiring, officials said.
Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways chief executives are all expected to speak at an event Thursday in which Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy will detail his proposal to Congress. Other aviation industry companies will also attend.
Also expected to attend are some relatives of the 67 people killed in the January 29 mid-air collision of an American Airlines regional jet and a U.S. Army helicopter near Reagan Washington airport.
Airlines and others may also call for around $30 billion or more in total funding, but Duffy is not expected to release a specific figure beyond the "tens of billions" he said in March the administration would need pending further discussions with lawmakers.
Major unions representing aviation pilots, air traffic controllers and flight attendant groups and other aviation associations are also taking part in the event.
Congress is also considering $12.5 billion in initial funding as part of bill under consideration.
"We're going to build a brand new air traffic control system, from new telecom to new radars to new infrastructure," Duffy said earlier this week, estimating it will take three to four years to address.
Trade group Airlines for America, which will also take part in the event Thursday, praised Duffy Wednesday for "his commitment to building a new improved air traffic control system."
Delta and United both confirmed their CEOs will attend. A Delta spokesperson said CEO Ed Bastian "fully supports" Duffy's plan and says this is "a once in a lifetime opportunity to address these longstanding challenges."
Duffy also wants funding to speed air traffic control hiring. The FAA, which said in March it planned to hire 2,000 air traffic controller trainees this year, said it will offer new bonuses and payments for new controllers and to convince retirement-eligible controllers to stay on the job.
A persistent shortage of controllers has delayed flights and many are working mandatory overtime and six-day weeks. The FAA is about 3,500 air traffic controllers short of targeted staffing levels.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama Editing by Mark Potter)
Airlines have been under pressure due to macro concerns and headlines questioning the safety of the nation's air traffic control system.  The U.S. government is pitching a plan to invest billions to quickly overhaul control towers.  The U.S. government has announced plans to spend "tens of billions" to upgrade the air traffic control system, advancements that will hopefully help alleviate concerns about flying following a series of high-profile incidents.
Pakistan's Defense Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif spoke on Bloomberg TV about its response to Indian military strikes early Wednesday. He said Pakistan would "wrap up" tensions if India backs down. Asif said in the interview that Indian soldiers were taken prisoner, but later told Samaa TV that no Indian soldiers were captured.
HANOI (Reuters) -Vietnam's imports from China and exports to the United States both reached a post-pandemic record in April, amid talks with Washington to reduce Hanoi's trade surplus and a crackdown on Chinese goods being shipped to the U.S. via its territory.  The Southeast Asian nation faces the risk of 46% duties on its exports to the U.S. if the White House confirms this rate at the end of a global tariff pause in July.  This could undermine Vietnam's growth model and hit multinationals exporting from the country, including Samsung and Nike.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.