Title: Meta Saw TikTok as ‘Highly Urgent’ Threat, Zuckerberg Says at Antitrust Trial
Date: 2025-04-16 22:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-saw-tiktok-highly-urgent-221403450.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Mark Zuckerberg, the first witness in the Federal Trade Commission’s trial to break up his social media empire, gave a rare window into how he makes business decisions: by fighting for survival, even when his company is ahead.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Over a marathon three days of testimony, the Meta Platforms Inc. co-founder and chief executive officer clearly articulated how the social media market has evolved rapidly over time — which, if the judge agrees, could make it more difficult for the FTC to prove Meta dominates it.
Zuckerberg was composed, but occasionally evasive, when challenged to explain past emails and other private messages indicating a concerted effort to muscle out competitors.
Those old messages and emails, gathered during the pre-trial discovery process, were more damning than his present-day testimony. The messages, often between Zuckerberg and other top Meta executives, painted a picture of an executive who was paranoid about his rivals and willing to buy competitors whenever possible.
The FTC is seeking to force Meta to sell off Instagram and WhatsApp, arguing that the two acquisitions have given Meta an illegal monopoly over parts of the social networking industry. Emails and documents presented at trial show that Meta, then called Facebook Inc., struggled to compete in the mobile app boom in the early 2010s, buying up successful competitors. The FTC said Meta bought the companies to eliminate direct competitive threats.
Multiple Competitors
Zuckerberg and Meta’s lawyers, meanwhile, argued that Meta faces a wide array of competitors that fight for user attention, including ByteDance Ltd.’s TikTok, Google’s YouTube, Apple Inc.’s iMessage and Microsoft Corp.’s LinkedIn. On Wednesday, Zuckerberg said that TikTok, in particular, posed a “highly urgent” competitive threat when it sprang up in 2018.
“We observed that our growth slowed down dramatically,” as TikTok gained popularity, Zuckerberg said Wednesday. “It was highly urgent, this has been a top priority for the company for several years.” Meta eventually rolled out a direct competitor, called Reels, that now drives a significant amount of video traffic for the company.
Zuckerberg was at times vague over his three days in court, and regularly disputed the FTC’s interpretations of his prior emails. As a leader, the way he communicated with staff was often blunt or harsh, and he spent time on the stand trying to add more nuance to what was written by his younger self. He occasionally clashed with the FTC’s lead lawyer, Daniel Matheson, who objected at one point that Zuckerberg wasn’t answering his questions.
What’s unclear is how much weight those emails will ultimately have as US District Judge James Boasberg, who is presiding over the case, makes his decision. Meta has argued that the intent behind the purchases doesn’t matter, only whether those deals lead to consumer harm, which it disputes.
Boasberg previously said the FTC will have a difficult time. Despite allowing the bulk of the case to proceed last November, Boasberg struck a skeptical tone about the FTC’s chances at trial. “Prevailing here, however, does not obscure the fact that the Commission faces hard questions about whether its claims can hold up in the crucible of trial,” the judge said. “Indeed, its positions at times strain this country’s creaking antitrust precedents to their limits.”
Boasberg also said in a ruling shortly before the trial that the FTC must prove Meta is harming competition in the present day.
Sheryl Sandberg, the company’s former chief operating officer, followed Zuckerberg on the witness stand, facing sharp questioning from FTC lawyer Susan Musser.
If the FTC prevails, a spinoff of Instagram and WhatsApp would undo years of integration between the apps, disrupt two of the most popular digital consumer products in the world and potentially erase hundreds of billions of dollars in Meta’s market value. It would also raise serious questions about how the government evaluates and approves deals because the government allowed the transactions to go through at the time.
‘Network Effects’
Part of the FTC’s case involves the technical concept of “network effects,” meaning that the more users a company like Meta has, the more likely they are to retain a dominant position, because people are unlikely to switch to a service used by few people.
Boasberg has remained largely silent during the questioning, but interjected during Zuckerberg’s testimony Wednesday to ask if network effects still really matter.
“How much does it matter if your friends are on a particular platform if you can send content out of that platform? Why does it matter if your friends are there?” the judge said.
Zuckerberg said it doesn’t. “These apps now serve primarily as discovery engines,” he said. “People can take that content to messaging engines.”
Bigger Company
Under questioning by Meta lawyer, Mark Hansen, Zuckerberg refuted the FTC’s argument that Meta bought Instagram to bury a competitor. Instagram would not likely have been able to grow to the extent it has had it remained independent, he said. “Instagram has been built out into a much more vibrant service” as a result of the deal, Zuckerberg said.
Taking a small online platform to a billion users and beyond is unlikely to happen without the backing of a larger company, he said. “Every company that has this level of scale is owned by a bigger company,” he said, citing TikTok and YouTube as examples.
Earlier in the trial, it was revealed that Snap Inc.’s Evan Spiegel turned down a $6 billion acquisition offer from Facebook in 2013 for its Snapchat app. Zuckerberg said that the app would have grown more rapidly had it joined his company.
Zuckerberg sought to walk back some statements that he made in previous internal communications. He acknowledged that he sent a 2013 email saying that Facebook blocked advertising for messaging apps WeChat, Kakao and Line, in which he wrote the apps were “trying to build social networks to replace us.” On the stand this week, however, he said “it’s hard for me to characterize what their intent was.”
Matheson also sought to show that Meta was aware of its antitrust risk years ago, including a possible breakup.
He displayed an email from 2018 in which Zuckerberg suggested that Meta should consider spinning off Instagram into a standalone company. “As calls to break up the big tech companies grow, there is a non-trivial chance that we will be forced to spin out Instagram and perhaps WhatsApp in the next 5-10 years anyway,” he wrote.
At one point, Zuckerberg was asked by Hansen to describe how he was evaluating the competitive threat posed by Instagram and others at the time of the deals. He referenced a quote from former Intel Corp. CEO Andy Grove: “Only the paranoid survive.”
(Updates with color on Zuckerberg testimony starting in the first paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for RTX (RTX), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.
(Reuters) -BHP Group said that an escalating trade war could harm the world economy and adaptation was key to sustaining global growth, as it reported a slight decline in iron ore production in the third quarter on Thursday.  The direct impact on BHP of the tariffs unleashed by U.S. President Donald Trump this month was limited, the mining giant said.  Trump has since postponed some of the duties, but has increased levies on China even further.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer addressed growing concerns in the market as tensions between […]
SEOUL (Reuters) -South Korea's central bank on Thursday signalled it would cut rates in May and left the door wide open to further monetary easing to cope with "significant" risks to the economy from U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariff policy.  After the Bank of Korea's seven-member board held the benchmark interest rate at 2.75% as expected at its monetary policy review earlier in the day, Governor Rhee Chang-yong emphasised the BOK's readiness to respond to economic uncertainties.  "Leaving me aside, all six board members are open to an interest rate cut when we look at the policy path for the three months ahead," Rhee said at a press conference.
Since his inauguration in January, U.S. President Donald Trump has announced - and sometimes reversed - tariffs on a slew of products and countries.  "Approximately 70% of our aluminum produced in Canada is destined for U.S. customers and is now subject to 25% tariff costs ... Currently the net annual result is approximately $100 million negative for our business," CEO William Oplinger said during a post-earnings conference call.  The aluminum producer said the tariffs on Canadian imports had cost the company roughly $20 million in the first quarter, ended March 31.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […]
(Bloomberg) -- Hertz Global Holdings Inc. shares had their biggest gain ever after CNBC reported that Pershing Square Capital Management had amassed a position of almost 20% in the beleaguered car rental company.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and
The dollar looked set to notch a fourth straight weekly loss on Thursday as tariffs drive investors from U.S. assets, though it lifted off a seven-month low against the yen as U.S.-Japan trade talks have so far steered clear of any currency discussion.  The dollar has taken a beating as the U.S. has threatened, imposed and then postponed massive tariffs, undermining investor confidence in U.S. economic growth and stability.  The euro and yen are not far behind with gains of around 5% on the dollar in little more than two weeks.
The move comes as refiners face growing regulatory and cost pressures in California, the largest U.S. gasoline market, where the state's emissions targets and proposed refinery transparency rules have weighed on long-term investment decisions.  The Benicia converts an average of 145,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude oil into motor fuels, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.  "We understand the impact that this may have on our employees, business partners, and community, and will continue to work with them through this period," Lane Riggs, chief executive of San Antonio-based Valero, said on Wednesday.
(Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration halted work on an offshore wind farm being built off New York amid a broader review of the sector’s projects.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsInterior Secretary Doug Burgum ordered the pause on
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
