Title: Microsoft Rethinks AI Growth as Recently Greenlit Ohio Project Gets Shelved
Date: 2025-04-16 21:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-rethinks-ai-growth-recently-212712209.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
April 16 - Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has put the brakes on several planned data center developments, including a newly greenlit site in Heath, Ohio, just weeks after gaining local support.
The company reportedly halted progress on at least three Ohio locations, including a $1 billion facility near Columbus, and has delayed or scrapped projects in other regions such as Illinois, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Indonesia, the UK, and Australia.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with MSFT.
The abrupt shift follows reports that Microsoft recently walked away from hundreds of megawatts of leased power capacity for U.S. data centers, suggesting a broader reassessment of infrastructure needs.
While the company hasn't provided a detailed explanation, analysts point to tepid demand for generative AI services and a possible oversupply of capacity. In February, CEO Satya Nadella acknowledged AI had yet to deliver major returns, hinting at a mismatch between investment and usage.
Bloomberg also noted that Microsoft's evolving relationship with OpenAI may be influencing the decision. Earlier this year, Microsoft gave OpenAI the option to procure computing resources from rival cloud providers, shortly before OpenAI was linked to a separate $500 billion cloud project.
Microsoft has described the changes as part of long-term strategic planning.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […]
Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally.
We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump […]
One important metric to look for in a stock is an 80 or higher Relative Strength Rating. Nutanix stock now clears that threshold, with a jump from 74 to 84 Wednesday.    Looking For The Best Stocks To Buy And Watch? Start Here  This proprietary rating tracks market leadership by showing how a stock's price action over the last 52 weeks compares to that of other stocks on the major indexes.
The aluminum producer said it incurred about $20 million in first-quarter costs stemming from tariffs on imports. Alcoa’s CEO said it would be impractical in the short term to increase U.S. aluminum production.
A federal judge’s decision, which stated agencies lacked authority to pause funding, follows the president’s executive order to freeze the money on his first day in office.
The headline numbers for Alcoa (AA) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
The world’s biggest industrial real-estate giant said the escalating global trade war will spur demand for U.S. storage space as companies stockpile inventory close to consumers.  Prologis  said its customers, which include Amazon.com, Home Depot and FedEx, have been rushing in merchandise, rerouting shipments and taking on overflow storage space as they seek to get ahead of President Trump’s new tariffs.  Chief Executive  Hamid Moghadam,  who plans to retire Jan. 1, told The Wall Street Journal he believes Prologis is well positioned during a period of uncertainty in the broader market because the company operates warehouses across the U.S. and around the world near population centers.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
