Title: Should You be Confident in Microsoft Corporation’s (MSFT) Ability to Retain Leadership Position in A
Date: 2025-04-16 16:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/confident-microsoft-corporation-msft-ability-160007402.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Fred Alger Management, an investment management company, released its “Alger Spectra Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, changing trade, monetary, and fiscal policies created increased volatility in U.S. stocks. The introduction of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) models from China was a further source of uncertainty.  Against this backdrop, the fund’s Class A shares underperformed the Russell 3000 Growth Index in the quarter. In addition, please check the fund’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025.
In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, Alger Spectra Fund emphasized stocks such as Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a multinational software company that develops and supports software, services, devices, and solutions. The one-month return of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) was 0.54%, and its shares lost 6.34% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 15, 2025, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock closed at $385.73 per share with a market capitalization of $2.868 trillion.
Alger Spectra Fund stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
"Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a beneficiary of corporate America’s transformative digitization. The company operates through three segments: Productivity and Business Processes (Office365, LinkedIn, and Dynamics), Intelligent Cloud (Server Products and Cloud Services, Azure, and Enterprise Services), and More Personal Computing (Windows, Devices, Gaming, and Search). During the quarter, shares detracted from performance as Azure revenue growth missed analyst estimates, marking the third consecutive quarter of modest disappointment in this segment. However, AI-related sales growth exceeded expectations, accounting for 13% of Azure’s quarterly growth. Management also maintained their fiscal third quarter earnings guidance while highlighting improved operating profitability and lower tax rates. Despite the disappointing quarter, we remain confident in Microsoft’s ability to sustain its leadership position in AI."
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is in second position our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 317 hedge fund portfolios held Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 279 in the third quarter. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) reported $69.6 billion in revenues, up 12% year-over-year. While we acknowledge the potential of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
We covered Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in another article, where we shared the list of best NASDAQ stocks to buy so far in 2025. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Enstor has accepted the FERC certificate, marking a significant milestone for the Mississippi Hub Expansion Project, which is expected to be operational by 2028.
CEO Robert Ford told investors the company had considered raising its earnings forecast for 2025, but decided to maintain it in light of the new tariffs.
NFLX shows strong fundamentals. but Q1 results are likely to face seasonal headwinds despite robust international content.
MIRA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MIRA) on Wednesday released data demonstrating the efficacy of the oral ketamine analog, Ketamir-2, in a validated animal model of diabetic neuropathy, a type of nerve damage that can occur in diabetes patients. In the study, Type 2 diabetes was induced in rats using a high-fat diet combined with a low dose of Streptozotocin (STZ). Treatment with Ketamir-2 led to a significant reduction in neuropathic pain symptoms, with some animals returning completely to pre
(Bloomberg) -- When the world’s biggest aluminum- and steel-makers report first-quarter earnings, investors are hoping they’ll offer a window into how President Donald Trump’s tariff measures will ripple through the industry in the coming year. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe administration’
The tech giant will purchase 3.685 million tonnes of removal credits through paper mill retrofits, and 12,000 tonnes of credits through enhanced rock weathering.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […]
DHI's second-quarter fiscal 2025 results are likely to witness macro pressures and high costs and expenses. Learn more here.
The company plans to use the capital to further develop its technology, expand into new markets, among others.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
