Title: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Reports Earnings Tomorrow: What To Expect
Date: 2025-04-14 16:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-reports-earnings-161705076.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Multinational healthcare company Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) will be reporting results tomorrow before market open. Here’s what investors should know.
Johnson & Johnson met analysts’ revenue expectations last quarter, reporting revenues of $22.52 billion, up 5.3% year on year. It was a satisfactory quarter for the company, with a solid beat of analysts’ organic revenue estimates.
Is Johnson & Johnson a buy or sell going into earnings?Read our full analysis here, it’s free.
This quarter, analysts are expecting Johnson & Johnson’s revenue to be flat year on year at $21.56 billion, slowing from the 2.3% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $2.58 per share.
Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. Johnson & Johnson has missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates four times over the last two years.
With Johnson & Johnson being the first among its peers to report earnings this season, we don’t have anywhere else to look to get a hint at how this quarter will unravel for pharmaceuticals stocks. However, the whole sector has been hit hard over the last month as stocks in Johnson & Johnson’s peer group are down 8.5% on average. Johnson & Johnson is down 6% during the same time and is heading into earnings with an average analyst price target of $169.87 (compared to the current share price of $153.50).
Here at StockStory, we certainly understand the potential of thematic investing. Diverse winners from Microsoft (MSFT) to Alphabet (GOOG), Coca-Cola (KO) to Monster Beverage (MNST) could all have been identified as promising growth stories with a megatrend driving the growth. So, in that spirit, we’ve identifieda relatively under-the-radar profitable growth stock benefiting from the rise of AI, available to you FREE via this link.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best medical stocks to buy according to billionaires. Why are Healthcare Stocks Under Pressure? Some experts view medical, healthcare, and big […]
Nvidia has announced plans to build its first supercomputer factories in the US as Donald Trump demands companies stop manufacturing overseas.
Cerved, an Italian credit data firm owned by global financial data and software group ION, has hired a former intelligence services official as chairman, in the latest sign of the growing importance of corporate data safety.  Cerved, which was acquired and taken private by ION in 2021, said it had named Luca Peyrano as chief executive and Giuseppe Del Deo, the former deputy head of Italy's Department of Information Security (DIS), as executive chairman.
We came across a bullish thesis on Solventum Corporation (NYSE:SOLV) on ValueInvestorsClub by GCA. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SOLV. The company’s shares were trading at $74.24 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $66.19 on Apr 11. SOLV is a healthcare company that develops, manufactures, and […]
More graduates face earning the minimum wage as the salary gap between university leavers and the country’s lowest earners disappears.
Google Classroom introduced a new AI-powered feature designed to help teachers generate questions. Launched on Monday, this tool lets educators create a list of questions based on specific text input. Using this text-dependent question generation tool, which utilizes Gemini, teachers can either upload files from Google Drive or manually enter text for the AI to generate questions. They can then export the questions into a Google Doc or Google Form. Educators can choose from a variety of filters,
Jeep and Chrysler parent Stellantis will face greater headwinds from tariffs than its counterparts in Detroit, UBS analysts said.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries reduced its oil-demand outlook for this year and next, citing the impact of U.S. tariffs.
New York's attorney general sued DailyPay and MoneyLion on Monday, accusing the app-based financial technology companies of exploiting workers by charging excessive fees to collect paychecks more quickly, with effective interest rates above 200% and sometimes topping 750%.  Attorney General Letitia James called the companies predatory payday lenders that obscure the "exorbitant and plainly usurious" fees they charge workers, who hope to bridge gaps between payroll schedules and when bills come due.  James said MoneyLion's $8.99 fee on a $100 two-week advance under the "Instacash" brand name carries an effective annual interest rate of 234%, while DailyPay's $2.99 fee on a $20 seven-day advance carries an effective rate above 750%.
Nvidia on Monday announced plans to build supercomputers entirely in the U.S., with the chipmaker and its partners set to invest up to $500 billion in American AI infrastructure.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.