Title: NIKE, Inc. (NKE)_ Among Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout
Date: 2025-04-16 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-among-mid-202406498.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list of19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared “Liberation Day” and signed Executive Order 14257, imposing a baseline 10% tariff on nearly all U.S. imports, effective April 5. Higher tariffs—ranging from 11% to 50%—were scheduled for 57 countries and territories, including the European Union, China, and Japan. These increased rates were set to begin April 9 but were postponed for 90 days, with the exception of China, which continued to face elevated tariffs. In April, some insiders took advantage of the dip to buy shares, while others chose to sell. Analyzing insider trading can provide valuable insights: purchases often signal confidence in the company’s future, while sales may reflect personal or diversification choices. Therefore, insider trading should be evaluated in the context of the company’s financial health and overall market conditions. Today, we’re focusing on stocks that insiders are buying in April. Using Insider Monkey’s insider trading screener, we identified 19 mid- and large-cap companies where at least one insider bought shares between April 2 and April 14. From this list, we ranked the top 19 stocks based on the highest value of insider purchases during this period. Our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds, focusing on insider trading and stock picks from hedge fund investor newsletters and conferences. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear. Market Cap: $81.79 billion NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is a globally recognized and popular brand that designs, markets, and sells athletic footwear, apparel, and equipment under names like NIKE, Converse, and Jumpman. Its products are sold through retail stores, digital platforms, and independent distributors around the world. It is also one of the10 best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. For the third quarter of fiscal 2025, Nike (NYSE:NKE) reported $11.3 billion in revenue, a 9% decline from the previous year. Gross margin also fell by 330 basis points, reaching 41.5%. Wholesale revenues were $6.2 billion, down 7% on a reported basis and down 4% on a currency-neutral basis year-over-year. Net income was $800 million, down 32%, and diluted earnings per share was $0.54, a decrease of 30%.

