Title: Nike initiated, GM downgraded_ Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2025-04-15 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-initiated-gm-downgraded-wall-133950377.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades: UBS upgradedHubSpot(HUBS)to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $675, down from $775. The firm cites valuation for the upgrade with the shares down 35% since mid-February Barclays upgradedAutoliv(ALV)to Overweight from Equal Weight with a price target of $97, down from $110. With the firm's recommendations shifting to a more defensive positioning, it believes Autoliv can relatively outperform the sector. HSBC upgradedKKR(KKR)to Buy from Hold with a price target of $119, down from $170. The firm says that despite heightened macro uncertainty, it sees opportunities. Needham upgradedNeurocrine(NBIX)to Buy from Hold with a $138 price target. The firm cites its positive physician survey on Crenessity's ramp in congenital adrenal hyperplasia for the upgrade. BofA upgradedDuPont(DD)to Neutral from Underperform with a price target of $75, down from $88. While the firm does see earnings risks to DuPont from trade disruptions, it views the near 30% pullback in the shares in the last two months as excessive. BofA also upgraded Westlake(WLK)to Buy from Neutral. Top 5 Downgrades: Barclays downgradedGeneral Motors(GM)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $40, down from $70. The downgrade of GM reflects the company's "significant risk" to near-term earnings from tariffs. BofA downgradedPepsiCo(PEP)to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $155, down from $185. Frito-Lay North America's growth is likely to remain below long-term trendline this year and while international segments are scaling and making large contributions to sales and profit growth, it's not enough at this point to make up for slower growth at the North American snacks segment, the firm tells investors. Barclays downgradedMobileye(MBLY)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $14, down from $22. The downgrade of Mobileye reflects its thesis that auto tech is at risk of a slower uptake. Baird downgradedUniversal Health(UHS)to Neutral from Outperform with a price target of $224, down from $274. The firm sees minimal incremental buyers of stocks in the managed care and healthcare facilities group until the policy overhang clears. Baird also downgraded Tenet Healthcare(THC), Molina Healthcare(MOH), Elevance Health(ELV)and HCA Healthcare(HCA)to Neutral from Outperform. Wells Fargo downgradedHowmet Aerospace(HWM)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $118, down from $132. The firm cut estimates across the aerospace group, as it thinks a global economic slowdown hits both original equipment makers and the aftermarket. Wells also downgraded Hexcel(HXL)to Equal Weight from Overweight.

