Title: Is Chevron Corporation (CVX) the Best Undervalued Energy Stock to Invest in Now?
Date: 2025-04-15 12:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-best-undervalued-122559022.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other undervalued energy stocks.
On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss his outlook on the energy sector. He believes that natural gas is positioned to lead growth in the future within the energy sector. This natural gas demand is driven by electricity and energy exports. Thummel noted that the energy and tech sectors are converging due to advancements like AI and data centers. Electricity demand fuels natural gas consumption, while US energy exports help meet global needs for low-cost and low-carbon energy. He also highlighted that the US is now emerging as the largest exporter of LNG, even though it was an LNG importer just years ago. He anticipates that the US LNG exports will soon 2x in volume over time. Thummel also expects Europe and other countries to prioritize energy security and diversify their supply sources. This will ensure reliance on US energy exports.
Thummel emphasized a focus on energy infrastructure companies while discussing his specific investment strategies as they tend to be stable and have high dividend yields even in uncertain market conditions. He thinks that the certainty provided by energy infrastructure investments in an otherwise volatile market should not be neglected. Such companies generate substantial annual cash flows while maintaining disciplined financial practices.
Thummel thinks that the energy sector trades at a discount to historical valuations despite its fundamentals. This offers the potential for high returns.
We used the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top energy stocks that had a forward P/E ratio under 15 as of April 10. We then selected the 11 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
An aerial view of an oil rig at sea, the sun glinting off its structure.
Forward P/E Ratio as of April 10: 12.92
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) engages in integrated energy and chemicals operations and operates in the Upstream and Downstream segments. The Upstream segment explores, develops, and produces crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment refines crude oil into petroleum products, markets crude oil, refined products, & lubricants, and manufactures & markets renewable fuels.
In 2024, the company’s Permian Basin operations exceeded expectations with production growth of about 18% compared to the year-ago period, which was another record for Permian production. Over the past 5 years, the company has delivered a CAGR of 16% in the Permian, which has been achieved through optimized pad and drilling designs, as well as completion improvements such as triple frac techniques.
This allows the company to reach these production levels with 40% fewer company-operated rigs than previously planned. Chevron Corp. (NYSE:CVX) now expects Permian production to reach one million barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. The Permian portfolio delivers superior returns due to royalty-advantaged acreage across all sub-basins, which contributes to both the top and bottom lines.
Overall, CVX ranks 3rd on our list of the best undervalued energy stocks to invest in now. While we acknowledge the growth potential of CVX, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE:DVN) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ […]
Many growth-focused companies don't pay dividends at all, which is why the yield on the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has fallen to just 1.4%.  Stocks with reliable dividends and high yields can be excellent ways to collect passive income no matter what the broader market is doing.  Here's why these three fool.com contributors think Chevron (NYSE: CVX), Brookfield Renewable Partners (NYSE: BEP) (NYSE: BEPC), and MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE: MSM) are three high-yield dividend stocks to buy now.
We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ArcelorMittal S.A. (NYSE:MT) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists of trade […]
We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where British American Tobacco p.l.c. (NYSE:BTI) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists […]
Investment management company Vulcan Value Partners recently released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The first quarter experienced the return of volatility. The companies’ management teams expressed a more cautious view following the recent election. Optimism has given way to uncertainty about tariffs and potential impacts on earnings, inflation, […]
When it comes to retirement savings you have, essentially, three phases: saving, distribution and estate. Your saving phase is the one that people pay the most attention to. This is the era in which you build wealth during your working life and prepare for retirement. Your estate phase is the one that most people pay […] The post I Have $620k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
MILAN (Reuters) -Stellantis Chairman John Elkann said on Tuesday U.S. tariffs and strict European Union emissions standards were threatening the industry, as the automaker continued its search for a new chief executive.  "With the current path of painful tariffs and overly rigid regulations, the American and European car industries are being put at risk," amid increased competition from China, Elkann said at the group's annual shareholders' meeting.  "That would be a tragedy as car manufacturing is a source of jobs, innovation and strong communities," he said.
We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ:ARM) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in […]
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Schlumberger Limited (NYSE:SLB) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to […]
Oil prices have tumbled this year.  Lower crude prices will impact oil company cash flows.  Three oil companies that can still thrive in the current environment are Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP), and Chevron (NYSE: CVX).
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.