Title: In Wall Street’s Epic Comeback, Unsolved Market Mysteries Abound
Date: 2025-05-02 20:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-epic-comeback-unsolved-203123157.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — It was the week Wall Street got its swagger back. Stocks staged a gravity-defying rebound to wipe out all losses from April’s tariff shock, Corporate America unleashed billions in pent-up bond sales and speculative assets from crypto to unprofitable tech companies surged.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
Yet beyond the relief rally — built on hopes that the White House will ink trade deals soon enough — the financial ecosystem is flashing warning signs for the likes of hedge funds and day traders plunging back into risk.
Signals in the bond market show the Federal Reserve in a policy bind, imperiling hopes that Jerome Powell & Co. can soften the tariff blow fast. The world’s reserve currency continues to lose its compass as it bucks moves in Treasury yields. And similar schisms are playing out in credit and equities as bulls defy elevated bankruptcies and falling earnings estimates.
While cross-asset contradictions are a regular feature of the trading landscape, the dislocations right now are worth heeding, according to Phil Pecsok, chief investment officer of Anacapa Advisors.
“We really don’t know if there’s going to be tariffs, relief from tariffs, lower taxes or retaliation. So it’s very hard to get the fundamental story straight,” he said. “Nobody knows anything. We are in no man’s land.”
As fast as traders bailed amid President Donald Trump’s tariff threats, they’ve stormed back, lifting US stocks in nine straight sessions, the most in two decades. Credit spreads have tightened amid a flurry of issuance while Bitcoin, which was trading as low as $77,053 three weeks ago, is again testing the six-figure mark.
Behind the runup: Speculation that the worst of Trump’s trade belligerence has been heard and signs that the US economy continues to hold up, with Friday data showing the unemployment rate held steady at 4.2%.
Yet in the underbelly of markets lingers skepticism that calls into question the $5 trillion equity recovery trade in less than two weeks. Measures of marketwide anxiety have eased but remain elevated. Even after falling for three weeks, Bank of America Corp.’s global financial stress indicator sits well above any level seen in the eight months prior to Trump’s “Liberation Day” warnings of April 2.
A key concern is that traders are charging back into risk on the conviction that Fed easing will be imminent, even though market-based inflation expectations have shown only tentative signs of cooling. While derivatives traders pared bets for interest-rate cuts following Friday’s jobs data, they still envision three reductions in 2025, up from one in February.
At the same time, one-year inflation swaps in early April rose to the highest level since 2022 amid worries about the impact of tariffs on import prices. Despite a pullback, they’re still more than 70 basis points higher than in January.
To Henry Allen, a macro strategist at Deutsche Bank AG, that’s a recipe for disappointment given Powell’s hawkish tone in his April speeches and the experience of 2022, when investors underestimated the Fed’s resolve in extinguishing price pressures.
“Markets risk repeating a consistent error of recent years, in pricing a Fed that is much too dovish compared to what actually happens,” he wrote in a recent note.
Allen also points to the uncomfortable fact that the dollar’s link with fixed income continues to fray. In theory, the US currency would be expected to appreciate against the euro when 10-year Treasury yields rise relative to comparable German bonds, or vice versa. That’s in part because higher-yielding assets attract money, bolstering the allure of the country’s currency. Yet that relationship has remained fractured since early April.
To Lawrence Creatura, a fund manager at PRSPCTV Capital LLC, the greenback’s weakness is a tell-tale sign that the US is losing its clout with global trading partners, bringing flashbacks of the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act of 1930 that helped worsen the Great Depression.
“We are taking baby steps in that direction right now,” he said. “We’re going backwards in time and re-approaching that status where the dollar in the US is not a dependable, safe financial payment.”
The big risk-on surge is also occurring at a time when key fundamentals are weakening. Economists have been slashing their growth forecasts in anticipation of a hit from the trade war, while analysts are downgrading their estimates for corporate earnings for this year and next, data compiled by Bloomberg show. In the credit market, risk premiums for high yield debt have tightened since early April, despite bankruptcy filings rising to a five-year high.
Angst is also lingering in the options market. The Cboe Volatility Index, a measure of expected swings in the S&P 500, has seen its so-called spot prices stay above six-month futures contracts every session since late March. That’s the longest inversion since 2020’s pandemic crisis. It’s a sign traders continue to worry more about here and now than risk down the road.
All told, stubborn Wall Street frictions underscore the era of policy uncertainty under Trump 2.0, according to Maria Vassalou, head of the Pictet Research Institute.
“Since effectively the end of the Cold War, we had an environment of free trade, globalization and peace. And all these things are changing now,” she said. “We are moving into a different equilibrium, which is yet to be defined.”
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
Trump still wants to replace income taxes with tariffs on imports. Here's why it will never work.
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
Several of America's tech giants posted better-than-expected earnings this week, even as worries about the economy in the face of shifting tariff policies and tightening trade restrictions loomed.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump asked Congress for deep cuts to domestic agencies and a boost to the military in a preliminary outline of his 2026 budget request.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qu
(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries fell after stronger-than-expected US employment data showed tariff uncertainty hasn’t hit the nation’s jobs market yet, prompting traders to trim bets on imminent interest-rate cuts.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congesti
The Federal Reserve has successfully fought demand-driven inflation. Trump’s trade policy is creating a supply-driven shock that the central bank is less equipped to handle.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterAs India moves closer to clinching a trade deal with the US, traders are t
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump said on Friday the U.S. was in a "transition period" and was going to do "fantastically" while downplaying the impact any short-term recession may have.  What we are — I said, this is a transition period.  Trump's comment on the U.S. economy being in a transition period echoed comments he made earlier on Friday in a social media post, in which he also cited strong employment and reiterated his call for the U.S. Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.
(Bloomberg) -- Waiting three days to see whether he U-turns before making trades. Rushing bond sales through before he wakes up and starts posting. Shifting lending to tariff-proof tinned-food producers or cellphone providers.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrade
The chair of the House China committee, John Moolenaar, and the chair of the Senate committee on ageing, Rick Scott, wrote to SEC chair Paul Atkins to take action against 25 Chinese groups, listed on U.S. exchanges, FT said.  "They also pose an unacceptable risk to American investors."
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio