‘Buy or bury’_ What you need to know about the trial that could break up Mark Zuckerberg's empire
2025-04-14 22:22
https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/buy-bury-know-trial-could-222240561.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsA landmark antitrust trial that could reshape howAmerica’s Big Tech firmsoperate got underway Monday, withMark Zuckerberg‘sMeta Platform Inc.facing accusations that it adopted a “buy or bury” strategy to squash potential rivals. The case, which could result in the Facebook owner having to divest its Instagram and WhatsApp platforms, will unfold in a Washington, D.C., courtroom over the coming weeks. Here’s what’s at stake for the tech giant, and what it could mean for its business and operations in the U.S. and around the world.In December 2020, the Federal Trade Commission and 48 state attorneys general, launched an antitrust lawsuit against Facebook — as the company was then known — accusing the company of illegal, anti-competitive behaviour.“For nearly a decade, Facebook has used its dominance and monopoly power to crush smaller rivals and snuff out competition, all at the expense of everyday users. We are taking action to stand up for the millions of consumers and many small businesses that have been harmed by Facebook’s illegal behaviour,” said Letitia James, New York attorney general who led the U.S. states’ investigation.The lawsuits zeroed in on Facebook’s US$1 billion acquisition of Instagram in 2012 and US$19 billion purchase of WhatsApp two years later. The FTC accused Facebook of failing to compete with new innovators in the mobile app marketplace, alleging that instead it “illegally bought or buried them when their popularity became an existential threat.”During the trial, the FTC will try to prove that Facebook has maintained a monopoly in the social networking space — one that has evolved with the rise of new entrants such as short video app TikTok. It will attempt to show that Facebook’s Instagram and WhatsApp purchases quashed competition and that the company subsequently leveraged its market dominance to unfairly inflate ad prices and worsen data privacy rights for users.The FTC’s lawsuit against Meta is “misguided,” according to Meta attorney Mark Hansen. Meta’s main defence rests on trying to establish that the FTC’s definition of the social media app marketplace is too restrictive and fails to include key competitors such as Alphabet Inc.’s YouTube and ByteDance Ltd.’s TikTok. Meta also contends that the commission cannot prove that American consumers and advertisers are worse off because of its acquisitions, and argues that it has improved the startups it purchased. “Any way you look at it, consumers have been the big winners,” Hansen said.At stake for the company is its control over photo-sharing app Instagram and messaging platform WhatsApp, which each have more than 2 billion active users. Facebook must divest both businesses in order to restore marketplace competition, according to the FTC.Meta is not only a social media company. It has invested at least over US$165 billion intoartificial intelligence (AI)and immersive reality initiatives to cement its position as a serious deep-tech player.But its lucrative ad business, of which Instagram is a key contributor, remains a major moneymaker. This year, Instagram is expected to earn US$32 billion in U.S. ad revenue for Meta — or half of the company’s ad revenue, according to numbers from market intelligence firm eMarketer. Instagram’s U.S. user base has surged 142 per cent to 148 million users in the last decade, eMarketer says.Meta in recent years has found itself in the crosshairs of U.S. and global regulators.The EU in particular, has carved out a tough stance toward Big Tech in a bid to limit the market power and influence of U.S. tech companies. The European Commission began investigating last year whether Meta and Apple Inc. breached the EU’s digital competition rules. The EU’s Digital Markets Act (DMA) came into force in May 2023 and established guidelines for Big Tech firms in a bid to create a fairer marketplace and provide European consumers with more choice.The EU is set to announce its verdict in coming weeks, with antitrust watchers expecting Brussels to dole out modest fines for the two companies for regulatory infractions, according to Reuters. Trump’s trade war has pushed the EU even further, with EU president Ursula von der Leyen noting that the bloc could impose fines on U.S. tech firms if trade talks break down.Meta’s antitrust trial will be its first major test under the second Trump administration. The FTC’s case against Meta began in 2020 duringU.S. President Donald Trump’s first term.The U.S. president previously threatened to sentence Zuckerberg to “life in prison,” alleging that the tech CEO weaponized Facebook against him during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.Citing the changing legal and policy landscape, Meta in recent months has made a series of sweeping changes seemingly meant to assuage Trump’s criticisms of Zuckerberg and Facebook, including axing fact-checking partnerships and diversity initiatives. Last December, Meta donated US$1 million to Trump’s inauguration fund. Meta also lobbied the Trump administration in recent weeks in an effort to bring the antitrust trial to a halt and see the government and the company strike a settlement, according to a Wall Street Journal report.Investors have Canadian defence tech in their sightsTrump's move to kill duty-free shipping from China will cost“Regulators should be supporting American innovation, rather than seeking to break up a great American company and further advantaging China on critical issues like AI,” Meta said in a statement.• Email:ylau@postmedia.comBookmark our website and support our journalism:Don’t miss the business news you need to know — addfinancialpost.comto your bookmarks and sign up for our newslettershere.WASHINGTON (AP) — Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg took to the witness stand on the first day of a historic antitrust trial to defend his company against allegations it illegally monopolized the social media market.As Canada faces a labour shortage in the trades, how will so many promised projects get off the ground?CALGARY — A survey from insolvency firm MNP Ltd. suggests Canadians' outlook for their personal finances has brightened even as they've taken steps to cut their expenses amid economic turmoil.OTTAWA — Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre is promising that a government led by him would use the notwithstanding clause to override Charter rights to implement his tough-on-crime agenda — something no prime minister has ever done.(Reuters) -Kraken, one of the world's largest cryptocurrency exchanges, began a phased national rollout of commission-free trading for over 11,000 U.S.-listed stocks and exchange-traded funds on Monday, marking its latest move to expand across asset classes.  Crypto firms such as Kraken are looking to expand their businesses to traditional financial spaces on the back of U.S. President Donald Trump's promise of a more industry-friendly regulation.  Kraken users will be able to trade stocks and ETFs in some U.S. states, including New Jersey, Connecticut, Wyoming and Oklahoma, starting Monday.(Reuters) -Australian fast-food chain operator Collins Foods said on Tuesday it planned on exiting the underperforming Taco Bell restaurant business in a year and instead open more KFC outlets in Germany, maintaining its partnership with Yum Brands.  Collins Foods said it is in talks with Yum -- which also owns Pizza Hut besides Taco Bell and KFC -- to transfer its license to operate 27 Taco Bell outlets in Australia to new ownership, failing which it would explore other options.  On the other hand, the Brisbane-based company said it would open 40 to 70 new KFC outlets in Germany in five years to add to the 16 it already operates, saying the fried chicken brand is "under-penetrated" in the country.LONDON (Reuters) -OPEC cut its 2025 global oil demand growth forecast on Monday for the first time since December, citing the impact of data received for the first quarter and trade tariffs announced by the United States.  The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, in a monthly report, said world oil demand would rise by 1.30 million barrels per day in 2025 and by 1.28 million bpd in 2026.  Both forecasts are down 150,000 bpd from last month's figures.TORONTO — Pricing trends are getting pushed all over the place these days by big economic shifts, resulting in what's expected to be another elevated inflation reading in Canada this week.BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — The operator of the Keystone oil pipeline restarted the system Monday after a spill onto farmland in North Dakota last week shut down the line.Dimon had also offloaded some shares last year in his first such sale since taking over the top role in 2005.  JPMorgan, the largest U.S. lender, last week surpassed its first-quarter profit estimates on record equities trading and higher fees from debt underwriting and advising on mergers.  Dimon's 2024 pay package went up 8.3% to $39 million.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.