Title: These 5 Stocks Crashed as Tariff Reality Hits the Market
Date: 2025-04-10 18:57
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/these-5-stocks-crashed-as-tariff-reality-hits-the/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=f863510c-ff3d-4dbe-a341-07daf4774ab5&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Themarket's wild recovery on Wednesday afternoonwas driven by President Donald Trump temporarily pausing tariff increases on countries all around the world, except China. A 10% blanket tariff will still be in place, but the bigger tariffs that were expected to hit countries like Vietnam, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where many shoes and kids toys are made, will be in place.
What seems to have been forgotten in that bounce was that tariffs are still higher than they were at the start of the year and the tariff on imports from China would be an astounding 145%. On top of the baseline tariffs and China tariffs, Trump only paused the more extensive tariffs, so yesterday's pop may have overestimated the ultimate costs companies would face.
Some of the biggest movers were in retail withBoot BarnHoldings(BOOT-2.73%)falling as much as 9%,DeckersOutdoor(DECK-1.12%)dropping 8.3%,Hasbro(HAS0.25%)falling 9.8%,Mattel(MAT-0.40%)off 10.1%, andNike(NKE-0.33%)declining 11.9% at its low.
What's become increasingly clear to the market is that Trump is insistent on higher tariffs on imports to the U.S. The details of those tariffs may change from what was announced on "Liberation Day," but the theme is the same.
The escalation with China is likely troubling for companies that produce in China or would like it to be a low-cost option. It's possible there's a negotiated solution there, but given the current state and the main characters of this trade war, it could have a protracted impact.
For these companies, the impact could be twofold.
First, tariffs would be a direct cost they would need to either pass on to customers or absorb in their margins. That could put pressure on earnings for the foreseeable future.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
The second, and potentially more important, impact will be to the economy overall. Higher tariffs and higher costs could drive the U.S. economy into a recession and that wouldn't be good for sales, margins, or the multiples investors are willing to pay for stocks.
Long-term investors can certainly see this as a buying opportunity with the caveat that shares can always go lower if the economy gets worse or earnings fall. But dollar-cost averaging when uncertainty is high is a great way to drive long-term returns.
That said, it's also possible the market sinks as economic data and earnings guidance for the rest of 2025 are announced over the next few weeks. Companies will be telling investors what they think about the future and it may not be bright given the tariff uncertainty and weak consumer sentiment.
The only thing that's certain right now is uncertainty related to tariffs and the economy. But it's clear the market is pushing back against higher import costs and the message may be working. But expect volatility to rule the day, even for the best consumer goods companies in the world, because there will likely be a negative impact on earnings in 2025.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Travis Hoiumhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor and Nike. The Motley Fool recommends Boot Barn and Hasbro. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.