Title: American retailers face several challenges from tariffs on China
Date: 2025-04-10 22:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/american-retailers-face-several-challenges-220536849.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Retailers like Nike (NKE), Skechers (SKX), Tapestry (TPR), and Ralph Lauren (RL) are in focus as analysts raise concerns about not only the impact of tariffs on imports from China, but also the effects ofanti-American sentiment on consumer spending. Yahoo Finance Senior ReporterBrooke DiPalmajoins Market Domination Overtime to take a closer look.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtimehere.
Trump's tariffs spree adding a new layer of pressure for retailers now. Yahoo finances Brook DePalma joins us now with more. Brook.
A good afternoon to you both. As if tariffs weren't enough, anti-American sentiment against US brands is something that has Wall Street concerned as well, particularly looking within retail. Some that have the highest sales exposure in China include Nike, Skechers, Tapestry, and Ralph Lauren. Now, analysts have told me that this could see a small percentage in other regions like Europe and Canada, but they are most concerned about their exposure to China, particularly because US brands have already been struggling in China amid aggressive local competition. You also have a slowing economy there where consumers are also hyper-focused on value and innovation. That's really driving consumer behavior there. If you take a closer look at what Nike saw in the region last quarter, we did see a 17% drop in their net sales. Uh they came in at 1.73 billion, that was compared to 2.08 in the year prior. The CEO said that they see the long-term opportunity there. Of course, this was prior to this coming week. They also said they made significant investments in China. Taking a closer look at Skechers, they also saw a drop in their sales there last quarter. The Skechers CFO, John Vandemar, told investors that China was a drag on international markets there. And so really what we're looking to see here is how much of an impact in the coming months and the coming quarters, will we see from these US brands like Tapestry, Ralph Lauren, but also thinking about fast food, and also other American companies like say Apple and Tesla, how they'll perform in these coming quarters because of this tariff and these negotiations at 125% staying in place right now.
I mean, it's interesting as you say, obviously this is probably most acute in China, but what we've been hearing about also is what's happening in Canada, perhaps because it's more transparent. We're hearing a lot of rhetoric, we've heard things about, you know, that in Canadian grocery stores, for example,
grown in Canada locally produced.
Well, just, well, just like here, when you go to the grocery store, it usually tells you where something is from, right? Produce especially, but other products as well, and in Canada, it does, and people are sort of, there's a backlash against, against American products.
Yeah, absolutely. And, and when you're uncovering this story, of course Lululemon is a Canadian company. And when you think about Lululemon as an American consumer, maybe the fact that it is Canadian doesn't come first to mind. But when I spoke to people, they were saying, you know, Lululemon really also emphasizing that they are a Canadian company. Something to keep in mind there, just something I've been hearing as I spoke to people as well.
Interesting. So maybe the perception of them in a place like China is different. I guess we'll find out.
We'll wait and see.
Yes. Brook, thank you very much.
When CEO Brian Niccol’s tenure began last September, he vowed to make steps to get “back to Starbucks” and return stores to their cozy roots.
TPR demonstrates strong brand momentum, digital growth, global expansion and solid performances across its core segments.
Pinterest (PINS) closed at $25.85 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.97% move from the prior day.
Starbucks (SBUX) is tweaking its dress code in an effort to showcase its “iconic green apron,” the company announced Tuesday.
AMD said Tuesday that some of its central-processing units for data centers will be made at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing’s site in Arizona.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.