Title: Nike's and Lululemon's Tariff Tumble: Time to Buy or Sell?
Date: 2025-04-11 11:15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/11/nike-and-lululemons-tariff-tumble-time-to-buy-or/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=f5b319b4-1864-42a9-b4ba-a1f87052f3d2&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
We are in the fog of war of the stock market tariff tantrum. News -- sometimes contradicting itself -- seems to be coming every hour from the United States government, corporations, and foreign countries as they try to figure out how to respond to the Trumptariffsenacted last week. Some countries, like Vietnam, received a shockingly high 46% tariff rate on exports to the United States, which has spooked the markets.
Apparelsellers are some of the hardest hit by this news.Nike(NKE-0.33%)andLululemon Athletica(LULU-0.78%)have crashed over the past week, with both stocks down over 50% from highs set back in 2021. Does this tariff rollercoaster mean you should sell these apparel giants? Or is now the time to buck up andbuy the dip? Let's dig in further and find out.
Before the tariff announcement, Nike struggled with a major global slowdown in its operations. Last quarter, revenue fell 9% year over year. Operating margin has slipped to 10.3% over the last 12 months, compared to a 15% level just a few years ago. It is no surprise then that Nike stock is down 70% from all-time highs, one of its worst drawdowns in history.
Selling into the United States is about to get tougher for Nike. The majority of its products are made in Asia, specifically countries like China and Vietnam, which now have fat tariffs on U.S. imports. So, as long as these tariffs remain, the company could see a sharp drawdown in both its profit margin and revenue in the United States this year.
One silver lining is Nike's global diversification. Less than half of its revenue comes from the United States, and the other revenue will not be impacted by tariffs (at least for now). However, Nike's North American division is by far the most profitable geography it sells into, given the high average spending power. Last quarter, Nike's North American division generated $1.4 billion inoperating income. If that gets wiped out by tariffs, its earnings will collapse.
It is hard to argue that Nike will replace this revenue from other nations. Due to China's consumer depression, Nike's China revenue fell 17% year over year last quarter. Nike is in a tough spot with these tariffs if they remain on the books for the Asian nations it sources inventory from these days.
Lululemon was doing much better than Nike before the tariff announcement. Last quarter, revenue grew 13% year over year to $3.6 billion, although it is a much smaller business than Nike. China revenue grew a blistering 46% year over year. That is a delta of 63% compared to Nike's performance in the giant East Asian nation.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Profit margins were also moving in the right direction. Over the last 12 months, Lululemon has had anoperating marginof 24%, which is close to a record high. Now, tariffs may upend these profit margins and send them much lower in 2025, but this is something I believe Lululemon can fight back against more than Nike.
Lululemon products are consistently more expensive than Nike, which indicates to me that they have more pricing power. If Lululemon pants go from $150 to $200 to offset tariff costs, I don't think the company will lose a bunch of core customers.
This isn't to say that tariffs won't impact Lululemon. They will. But unlike Nike, Lululemon's brand is doing quite well at the moment. It caters to an affluent customer base and is growing like gangbusters in China despite a consumer slump in that country. Lululemon is set up to succeed in almost every area compared to Nike, as both apparel companies try to navigate these steep tariff costs on U.S. imports.
NKE PE Ratiodata byYCharts. PE Ratio = price-to-earnings ratio.
Nike and Lululemon stocks have similar trailing valuations. Nike has aprice-to-earnings ratio (P/E)of 18 compared to Lululemon's 16.7, even though Lululemon is growing much more quickly and is doing remarkably better in China. Either way, both stocks are trading at some of their lowest P/E ratios in years.
So, should you buy these stocks on the tariff-induced dip? Reading the above sections, I think you already know that my answer will be nuanced.
Lululemon is trading at a dirt cheap P/E ratio. While its earnings may slip in 2025, I believe its business momentum can continue over the long haul and deliver gains for shareholders. Nike's business was cracking before the tariffs, with revenue and profit margins falling. With these tariffs, earnings could fall precipitously in 2025 while global demand is slowing down.
For anyone looking to buy the dip on apparel stocks, I would buy Lululemon but avoid Nike at this moment.
Before you buy stock inLululemon Athletica Inc., consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andLululemon Athletica Inc.wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Lululemon Athletica Inc. and Nike. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.