Title: Nike, Disney, Novavax: Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-10 20:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nike-disney-novavax-trending-tickers-201810297.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Julie HymanandJosh Liptontake a closer look at some of Thursday's trending tickers on Market Domination.
Tariff risks weigh on Nike (NKE) as US President Trump increases the tariff on imports from China to 145%.
Entertainment stocks like Disney (DIS), Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD), and Fox (FOX,FOXA) are falling after China cut imports of Hollywood content.
Novavax (NVAX) stock plunges after US Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. questioned the efficacy of the company's vaccines.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Dominationhere.
Now time for some of today's trending tickers. Shares of Nike and Novavax and Focus, as well as Disney and other entertainment companies today. Let's start with the apparel and footwear giant Nike. It's the top trending ticker on the Yahoo Finance website. Shares are sinking as Trump's tariff war turns to China. The White House today confirming updated tariff figures, bringing the total increased levies on Chinese goods to 145%, which includes a 20% tariff related to fentanyl, uh, that had been imposed on China. Um, so it's even worse than the 125 that we were talking about yesterday. Um, Nike has diversified its supply chains, namely to Vietnam. So there was concern initially, because of course Vietnam was heavily tariffed. That's gone away, but investors still concerned here.
Yeah, and by the way, these same names ripped yesterday. Yes, Nike and Gap and Lululemon, but today investors realize, oh wait, so we still have questions about how names like this are going to actually navigate these tariffs, questions about how their customers are going to respond and react, are estimates coming down, right? All kinds of uncertainty there. By the way though, I did read a write up, apparently HSBC upgrading Adidas to buy. They called a beacon of hope, they say. We we see good visibility for superior top-line growth and operating leverage in the next two years.
Very interesting. We can all use a beacon of hope. I mean, as for Nike, I was reading some Bloomberg reporting that when you take Vietnam, Indonesia, as well as China, that they account for 95% of Nike's footwear production between those three countries. And of course, they may be lower tariffed, that is Vietnam and Indonesia than than previously thought, but it's still 10% on each of those. Yep. And then 145 on China.
Yeah, that's a lot to navigate. All right. Meanwhile, shares of Disney along with other entertainment giants, lower today with China now set to reduce the number of Hollywood films it imports in response to an escalating tariff war with the US. So currently, so China will reduce the number of import US films, and they apparently saying, um, due to Trump tariffs on China, I mean, Chinese consumers aren't so enthusiastic about American movies. Uh, they say moderately reduce the number of American films imported. So moderately is their word. Hollywood Reporter noting that under the the most recent trade agreements, China committed to releasing 34 foreign films per year under revenue share terms. Overseas studios apparently permitted to a 25% share of ticket sales. That's how it was working.
Yeah, you see, um, WB Discovery in particular taking a hit there. I mean, China has been a huge and growing market for blockbusters for American-made blockbusters in recent years. And even though, you know, moderately reducing, it's not clear, but there are some upcoming films that are slated for release both here and there. So this now draws that into question.
It was interesting, because I was reading the Hollywood Reporter's take on this, and they know the popularity of Hollywood films has actually kind of drastically eroded over there past few years, but to your point, the the top US 10 polls can obviously still rake in quite a bit.
Right, exactly. All right. And also shares of Novavax getting hit hard today. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. casting some doubts about the company's COVID vaccine calling it a single antigen vaccine. And for respiratory illnesses, the single antigen vaccines, he said, have never worked. Um, now, the company's shot is already on on the market. It's got conditional approval as COVID vaccine. That is, it was expected already on April 1st. And, um, he made these comments in an interview with CBS News here. Of course, there's been a lot of scrutiny of his commentary as it relates to vaccines more broadly. Um, but it's interesting that he's commenting on sort of specific types. Those shares are down 21% right now, Josh.
Yeah, Bloomberg noting that Novavax did last week have a response here. Said it responded to all the FDA's information requests, believes its vaccine is ready for approval. I mean, kind of the broader question, as you point out, Julie, it raises is, you know, RFK Jr. obviously has been an outspoken critic of vaccines and so it's raised all these questions from investors. Well, what did his role, his appointment, um, his confirmation mean for FDA approvals and timelines just going forward, right?
Right. Yeah. Well, for all of these trending tickers, you can scan the QR code below to keep track with all of the trending tickers on the Yahoo Finance homepage.
The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now.
Disney’s stock has been pummeled lately. Are worries about a recession hitting the theme parks and advertising already priced in?
Starbucks (SBUX) is tweaking its dress code in an effort to showcase its “iconic green apron,” the company announced Tuesday.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.