Title: Is Now the Time to Buy This S&P 500 Stock That's Down 69% and Hold for 20 Years?
Date: 2025-04-10 14:07
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/now-time-to-buy-sp-500-stock-hold-20-years/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=afa424c5-98ba-4f52-ad7b-1040af2e0ff4&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
TheS&P 500is the most closely watched benchmark among the investment community because it measures the performance of large and profitable companies based in the U.S. However, it has been getting crushed in the past few days due to uncertainty surrounding tariff announcements.
Some of its constituents have had a rough go, even after a long-term negative trend. As of April 7, thisconsumer discretionary stockis a whopping 69% off its peak, a record established all the way back in November 2021. To be clear, this business is currently facing some challenges, but the current dip might be too difficult to pass up.
Should you buy shares and hold them for 20 years? Here's what investors need to know.
Investors are undoubtedly familiar withNike(NKE-0.15%). The global sportswear icon has long been associated with a winning mentality. However, in recent times, it has done everything except win.Sales continue to be under pressure. In the last fourfiscal quarters, the top line has declined on a year-over-year basis. During the third quarter of 2025 (ended Feb. 28), revenue fell 9%. This is not what investors are accustomed to seeing.
Nike's sales trends are very worrying when you consider the rest of the industry. Long-time competitors likeAdidasandPumaposted growth in their latest fiscal years. And upstart footwear rivals, likeOn HoldingandDeckers'Hoka, are registering tremendous revenue gains. Nike sticks out like a sore thumb.
The current problems can be traced back to the prior CEO, John Donahoe, who aggressively pushed to grow digital sales while also heavily leaning on classic footwear franchises. Consequently, some of Nike's wholesale retail partners were becoming alienated, and the business wasn't releasing new and exciting designs that drew the attention of shoppers.
New CEO Elliott Hill is trying to change course. The top focus right now is to sell off older inventory while also returning to a culture of product innovation that can drive strong consumer interest.
It's easy to get caught up in Nike's latest struggles. They are certainly worth keeping an eye on. However, investors should also zoom out and focus on the bigger picture to gain a broad perspective.
At the end of the day,Nikeis still one of the world's most recognizable brands. Decades of marketing prowess, high-profile athlete endorsements, partnerships with top sports leagues, and new product releases have allowed the company to resonate strongly with consumers worldwide.
What's more, Nike remains the industry leader. According to Euromonitor, it has top share of the sportswear market, substantially higher than Adidas.Profitability isn't an issue for Nike. In the past decade, itsoperating marginhas averaged 12.2%. Its massive sales base gives the business the scale to leverage its expenses.
Management is keen on returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Combined, these two activities totaled $1.1 billion in Q3.
Nike is going through a difficult moment in its history, and its valuation reflects that. Shares trade at a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.1, which is the cheapest they've sold for in the past decade. That multiple is also a discount to the S&P 500.
The valuation is certainly compelling. But it's hard to know when growth will be restored and when the brand will be viewed in a better light. The uncertain macro environment, particularly with thetariffs announcedthat could negatively impact Nike's profitability, also gives reason to be pessimistic.
Only investors who have a lot of patience and are comfortable with more risk should be buying the stock. Perhaps over the next 20 years, Nike can once again be a winner for your portfolio.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Neil Pateland his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor and Nike. The Motley Fool recommends On Holding. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.