Title: Nike, Skechers, other US brands could face anti-American pushback in China due to Trump tariffs
Date: 2025-04-10 21:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-skechers-other-us-brands-could-face-anti-american-pushback-in-china-due-to-trump-tariffs-211329192.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Anti-American sentiments could be another roadblock for retailers as they navigate a litany of issues in the aftermath of Trump's tariffs.
"We haven't heard of any backlash yet for the companies we follow, but this is something we are watching closely given rising geopolitical tensions," particularly between the US and China, Bank of America analyst Lorraine Hutchinson wrote in a note.
That spells bad news for US brands with the most Chinese sales exposure, including Nike (NKE), Skechers (SKX), Coach owner Tapestry (TPR), and Ralph Lauren (RL).
On Wednesday afternoon, President Trump authorized a 90-day pause on most reciprocal tariffs while keeping the 10% across-the-board duty. But China now faces a 145% tariff because of "the lack of respect that China has shown," Trump said on Truth Social.
Forrester retail industry analyst Sucharita Kodali told Yahoo Finance that consumer pushback in other regions will likely be limited in impact, but China remains the big question mark.
"It's less like Europe or Canada," she said. "I do think [China is] a permanent rupture that I'm not sure is going to be fixed anytime soon ... I don't know the future of American companies in China," she said. The country has instituted an 84% tariff on American goods in response.
US brands have already been struggling in China amid aggressive local competition and flagging domestic economy.
As of the latest quarter, Nike sold $1.73 billion of goods in Greater China, a 17% drop from the previous year. It sold $4.86 billion in North America.
"Nike is in a really, really tough spot. They're in a turnaround for a whole host of reasons. China is just one of their problems," Kodali said.
CEO Elliott Hill told investors it remains "committed to China."
"We see the long-term opportunity there. There's 1.3 billion consumers ... We've also made some significant investments in China, whether it's around some of the big teams like the national basketball team, the track and field team, and the football team," he said.
Per Hutchinson, "Nike saw the most pronounced impact in China from right-sizing inventory to reflect a challenging macro and promo environment. Localized product and innovation are cutting through this tough backdrop but aren't enough to offset the pressure."
Skechers reported $333.5 million of revenue in China last quarter, down 11% year over year.
Skechers CFO John Vandemore told investors "China was the drag" on its international business.
"China continues to be the challenge that, in its size and scale, gives it a disproportionate impact, particularly in the Asia Pacific region." Vandemore said the team is "working very diligently to address what they can in the market."
The company plans to stay the course, saying its business “ultimately will be a very good fit with that market."
Tapestry reported growth in its Greater China business last quarter. Its revenue of $272.8 million is up 3% compared to last year.
"We delivered low-single-digit growth in the quarter, significantly outpacing the industry," CEO Joanne Crevoiserat told Yahoo Finance, citing that innovation and value led shoppers to the brand.
While it might have been a slight uptick, CFRA analyst Zach Warring said in a note, "We now see very little upside potential in China as one of the world’s largest economies continues to struggle." The country makes up 15% of Tapestry’s total sales, compared to North America‘s 65%.
Ralph Lauren recently saw its China revenue grow 20% year over year, driven by same-store sales growth, new customers, and "key marketing moments," CFO Justin Picicci told investors.
As these retailers look to hold down their business in China, they also face a changing consumer environment in the US and an ever-changing backdrop of how much these tariffs actually are.
"Companies are hesitant to take price really quickly ... I haven't seen any brand take price yet, and I think it's because they don't want to walk back," William Blair analyst Sharon Zackfia told Yahoo Finance.
Tariffs have already caused US consumers to be more pessimistic about the economy, which could prompt them to pull back on spending. According to the Conference Board'sconsumer confidence indexout in late March, US consumers' expectations about the economy dropped to a12-year low.
PwC US consumer markets adviser Ali Furman told Yahoo Finance last week, "Lower-end consumers who are already under a lot of pressure, they're probably getting more anxious and even more cost-conscious, because they're afraid that prices are going to go up and they're already struggling to afford necessities."
"Forget about discretionary," she added, as average consumers become more discerning, making choices between purchasing apparel, consumer electronics, home decor, or dining out.
—
Brooke DiPalma is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalmaor email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy
Trump's tariffs are expected to hit the clothing market particularly hard — but consumers may not see an increase in the sticker price until Q4.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.