Title: Corporate insiders flash bullish stock sign by buying into rout
Date: 2025-04-16 09:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/corporate-insiders-flash-bullish-stock-093000363.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Corporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 (^GSPC) sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated this month in the wake of President Donald Trump’s global tariff rollout.
Some 180 corporate insiders purchased their own stock in the first two weeks of the month, data compiled by the Washington Service show. This has tipped the buy/sell ratio to 0.40, keeping it near the highest level since late 2023. While corporate executives often buy stock for reasons unrelated to market performance, the uptick in purchases suggests a confidence in their companies that’s reassuring to investors who’ve been battered by the weeks-long selloff.
“This is a positive sign,” said Matt Lloyd, chief investment strategist at Advisors Asset Management. “Investors are still mired in a negative feedback loop, given trade and economic uncertainty. So it’s pivotal for this trend to continue as the stock market attempts to get its sea legs.”
Growing optimism from corporate executives stands in contrast to the broader risk-off mood. Investor sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades. Global fund managers are gloomy, with 82% of respondents to a monthly Bank of America global survey expected the global economy to weaken. A record number of them intend to reduce exposure to US equities, according to the poll.
That’s as investors are dealing with inflation that risks becoming entrenched because of a global trade war and the possibility of a recession. It’s the reason some, like EP Wealth Advisors’ Adam Phillips, are reluctant to overstate the trend of insider share purchases.
“Like so many others, a lot of these companies are flying blind as they await clarity around trade policies,” Phillips, managing director of portfolio strategy at the firm, said.
Buying and selling among corporate executives has a track record of providing an early read on market direction. The insider buy-sell ratio jumped in August 2015 and late 2018, with the former preceding a market bottom and the latter coinciding with one. In March 2020, corporate insiders’ purchases correctly signaled the bottom of a bear-market rout.
The number of sellers historically exceeds that of buyers as executives often view their stock as a source of cash.
Earlier this year, corporate insiders timed the stock-market correction right before the S&P 500 Index peaked in mid-February. They dumping shares of their own companies in most of January at an unprecedented pace, before reversing the move in the final days of the month.
This time, cash levels have posted their largest two-month increase since the throes of the pandemic, according to BofA, which could bode well for stocks when sentiment turns around. The money they’re sitting on could be used to buy stocks, and Plurimi Wealth’s Patrick Armstrong argues that now is precisely the time to build that equities exposure.
“The fact that insiders are scooping up their shares, cash levels are climbing and sentiment is so extremely bearish is an early indicator that the market selloff is beginning to make stocks more attractive,” Armstrong, who is the firm’s chief investment officer, said.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Scotiabank raised the firm’s price target on AngloGold Ashanti (AU) to $42 from $34 and keeps a Sector Perform rating on the shares. The firm is updating its price targets on stocks in the Gold & Precious Minerals sector, the analyst tells investors. The firm is expecting flat margins quarter-over-quarter given Q1 is a weaker operating quarter for most companies, with stronger operating performance in the second half of the year. Commentary on potential tariff impact will be a focus for most com
The new accounts will invest in “America First” companies and be part of a broader suite of crypto ETFs. DJT shares rose on the news but are still down sharply this year.
Lyft is buying mobility platform FreeNow from German automotive giants BMW and Mercedes-Benz for 175 million euros ($198.40 million) to expand into the European ride-hailing market, the U.S. company said on Wednesday.  Under pressure from dominant ride-hailing rival Uber Technologies in its home North American market, Lyft has been seeking new avenues to grow its business.  The acquisition of FreeNow will nearly double its potential market and open doors to major European cities such as London, Frankfurt, Paris and Milan, where the German firm offers services ranging from traditional taxi to e-scooter rentals and car-sharing options.
(Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a quarterly earnings statement.
Shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services fell in premarket trading Wednesday, a day after comments from executives on potential tariff impacts outweighed better-than-expected first-quarter results.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks ended sharply lower on Wednesday as Nvidia warned about steep charges from new U.S. curbs on its chip exports to China and Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said U.S. economic growth appears to be slowing.  Powell, in remarks for the Economic Club of Chicago, said larger-than-expected tariffs likely mean higher inflation and slower growth.  The Fed chair's afternoon comments sparked further selling in stocks, which had already been under pressure from a sharp drop in shares of Nvidia and other chipmakers.
Canadian bank RBC cut its price target on Bank of America (BAC) stock to $45 from $50 but maintains a positive view of the shares. BAC reported its first-quarter financial results yesterday. Why RBC Cut Its Price Target on BAC But Remains Bullish RBC lowered its price target on BAC to $45 from $50 due […]
Looking for the best money market account interest rates available today? Here’s a look at where to find the highest rates and whether now is a good time to open a money market account.
Zacks.com users have recently been watching Shopify (SHOP) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
