Title: FDA Expands Surprise Inspections At Foreign Drug And Food Facilities, Targets Double Standards In Overseas Manufacturing Oversight
Date: 2025-05-07 18:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fda-expands-surprise-inspections-foreign-185407796.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced its intent to expand the use of unannounced inspections at foreign manufacturing facilities that produce foods, essential medicines, and other medical products intended for American consumers and patients.
This change builds upon the agency’s Office of Inspection and Investigations’ Foreign Unannounced Inspection Pilot program in India and China and aims to ensure that foreign companies will receive the same level of regulatory oversight and scrutiny as domestic companies.
“For too long, foreign companies have enjoyed a double standard—given advanced notice before facility inspections, while American manufacturers are held to rigorous standards with no such warning,” said FDA Commissioner Martin Makary.  
Trending: Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share.
On Tuesday, the FDA said it plans to review and improve its foreign inspection program to ensure it meets the highest standards for oversight. Part of this effort includes making it clear that FDA inspectors should not accept travel-related perks like hotel stays or transportation from the companies they inspect.
The FDA conducts about 12,000 inspections annually in the U.S. and 3,000 in other countries. While U.S. companies often get surprise inspections, foreign companies usually receive advanced notice, giving them time to prepare and potentially hide problems.
Still, foreign inspections often reveal serious issues, more than twice as often as domestic ones.
In the U.S., inspections are usually unannounced unless specific programs require advance notice to ensure staff and records are available.
Even then, companies can’t pick the date or time. The FDA says foreign companies shouldn’t have that option either.
By shifting to more surprise inspections abroad, the FDA aims to better protect American consumers by catching dishonest practices, like falsifying records or hiding violations, before they cause harm.
The agency can take action against any company that tries to delay, block, or refuse an unannounced inspection.
The update follows President Donald Trump’s signed executive order on Monday to promote prescription drug manufacturing in the U.S., streamlining the path for companies to build new production sites as potential tariffs on imported medicines loom.
See Also: Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal — here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share.
The order directs the FDA to reduce the amount of time it takes to approve manufacturing plants in the U.S. by eliminating unnecessary requirements, streamlining reviews, and working with domestic drugmakers to “provide early support before facilities come online,” according to a White House fact sheet.
It also directs the agency to raise inspection fees for foreign manufacturing plants, improve the enforcement of active-ingredient source reporting by overseas producers, and consider publicly listing facilities that don’t comply.
The White House estimates that it can currently take five to ten years to build new pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity, which it calls “unacceptable from a national-security standpoint.”
Amid tariff uncertainty, many companies have disclosed a wave of investments in recent months to boost production in the U.S.
Eli Lilly And Co (NYSE:LLY) doubled domestic medicine production.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) announced it would invest an additional $2 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.
Medtech firm Becton, Dickinson, and Company (NYSE:BDX) also announced its intention to invest $2.5 billion in U.S. manufacturing capacity over the next 5 years.
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) did not highlight investments in new manufacturing plants; it noted that they already have significant capacity and flexibility to manufacture their products in the U.S.
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN) seeks to nearly double its manufacturing capacity through a new agreement with FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies.
Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) unveiled a sweeping $23 billion investment plan to expand its manufacturing and research infrastructure in the U.S. over the next five years.
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) announced its plans to invest more than $55 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.
Roche Holdings AG (OTC:RHHBY) announced that it will invest $50 billion in the U.S. over the next five years.
Most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb & Co.’s (NYSE:BMY) Christopher Boerner, chair and chief executive officer, shared plans to invest $40 billion in U.S. R&D, technology, and manufacturing over the next five years in an op-ed published by Stat this week.
Read Next:
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target – Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.30/share!
Photo by Tada Images via Shutterstock
Send To MSN:  Send to MSN
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article FDA Expands Surprise Inspections At Foreign Drug And Food Facilities, Targets Double Standards In Overseas Manufacturing Oversight originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense.  For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game.  Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites.
Many pharma bigwigs reported solid results, with some beating on earnings or revenues or both.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.