Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights GE Healthcare, Johnson & Johnson, Abbott and Boston Scientific
Date: 2025-05-06 13:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-ge-131000432.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Chicago, IL – May 6, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: GE Healthcare GEHC, Johnson & Johnson JNJ, Abbott ABT and Boston Scientific BSX.
Here are highlights from Monday’s Analyst Blog:
After two strong years, 2025 was expected to mark another high-growth chapter for the MedTech industry, particularly in health technology. Instead, recent first-quarter results show a different story. Rising tariffs and unstable capital markets have changed the game, forcing companies across the board, from startups to large corporations, to adjust their expectations.
The re-emergence of aggressive U.S. trade policies under President Donald Trump, highlighted by a 145% baseline tariff on Chinese imports and reciprocal tariffs of a minimum of 125%, has shaken the foundation of global supply chains. While pharmaceuticals remain largely untouched, medical technology companies, particularly those with manufacturing ties to China and Mexico, are navigating significant cost pressure.
Still, major MedTech players like GE Healthcare, Johnson & Johnson, Abbott and Boston Scientific are showing resilience. Their first-quarter earnings reflect strong adaptability, but even most of these major players have scaled back their full-year 2025 forecasts in response to rising tariff pressure.
On the other hand, health tech startups are struggling more. With smaller budgets and less financial flexibility, they're dealing with delays in production, higher costs and tighter access to funding. This could slow down innovation in fast-growing areas such as digital diagnostics, AI-driven devices and wearable tech sectors that had been thriving since the pandemic. Let us delve deeper.
GE Healthcare reported robust first-quarter 2025 results with revenues rising 3% year over year and net income surging 51%. Despite this, the company slashed its full-year adjusted EPS forecast from a range of $4.61–$4.75 to $3.90–$4.10. GE Healthcare management cited an 85 cents per share tariff impact, largely from U.S.-China, Mexico and Canada bilateral duties.
This Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) stock is expected to report earnings decline of 6.7% in 2025 on a 2.5% revenue increase.
Johnson & Johnson or J&J, on its first-quarter earnings call, revealed a $400 million tariff burden, primarily from exporting medical devices from the United States into China. As per the company, the cost is being phased into inventory and will impact the profit and loss statement over time.
J&J management highlighted that its $55 billion domestic investment plan was announced in March. The company is also restructuring its orthopedics and surgery divisions, which is expected to cause a temporary $250 million drop in revenues. J&J, a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock, is projected to report earnings growth of 6.2% on revenue growth of 2.7% in 2025.
Abbott posted a 4% increase in first-quarter 2025 revenues and 8.2% growth in net earnings. Yet, the company is bracing for a tariff impact in the range of a few hundred million dollars. The company chose to maintain its earnings forecast, even though it considered raising it prior to the new trade measures.
As per management, with 90 global manufacturing sites and U.S. expansion underway in Illinois and Texas, Abbott is positioned to adapt. However, the company is concerned that the tariffs might have a long lifespan. Abbott, a Zacks Rank #3 stock, is expected to report earnings growth of 10.5% on revenue growth of 6.5% in 2025.
Boston Scientific's first-quarter 2025 adjusted EPS increased 33.9% year over year on revenue growth of 20.9%. The company is an exception as it raised its 2025 guidance despite anticipating a $200 million tariff hit in the second half of 2025. The company now expects organic revenue growth of 12%-14% (earlier 10-12%) and adjusted EPS of $2.87–$2.94, up from $2.80–$2.87.
Boston Scientific credits its strong performance to solid sales growth and targeted cost-cutting, including reduced spending on travel and meetings. Rather than overhauling its supply chain, the company is reinforcing recent capacity expansions in Georgia and Minnesota. This Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) stock is expected to report earnings growth of 15.9% on revenue growth of 16.4% in 2025. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Health tech startups, once buoyed by pandemic-era growth, are now facing rising tariffs and cautious investors. According to the Healthcare Brew report, U.S. digital health funding rose slightly to $3 billion in the first quarter of 2025, up from $2.9 billion a year earlier. But this is still far below the $6.6 billion peak in 2021. Startups like Reperio Health, relying on global suppliers, are feeling the pressure. The company stocked up on testing kits ahead of tariff hikes but worries about scaling delays.
Still, some founders remain hopeful. Float Health said healthcare's stability may attract more investors during uncertain times. Both Float and Reperio are focused on cutting costs and improving patient access. Reperio partnered with Uber for faster kit delivery, while Float is expanding lower-cost home care services. For many startups, survival now depends on smart logistics, lean operations and steady resolve.
With little hope for broad tariff relief, most MedTech companies are preparing for a future where trade barriers are the norm. Groups like AdvaMed are pushing for exemptions, but executives mostly agree that tariffs are here to stay. Per market experts, to stay competitive, companies must continue to diversify supply chains, invest in U.S. manufacturing and manage costs carefully. Still, patients could feel the impact as higher costs and supply disruptions might affect drug access and pricing. The bottom line is that regardless of the company size or structure, the shift toward domestic production is no longer optional but has become an industry imperative.
Why Haven't You Looked at Zacks' Top Stocks?
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com                        
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Abbott Laboratories (ABT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GEHC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense.  For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game.  Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites.
Nvidia cleared the 50-day moving average following news that President Donald Trump is planning on rescinding an artificial intelligence chip-export rule. Is Nvidia stock a buy or sell now? Trump plans to revise some semiconductor trade restrictions set during the Biden administration, Bloomberg reported Wednesday.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.