Title: J&J Medtech survey finds strong European support for healthcare data sharing
Date: 2025-05-07 16:49
URL: https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/news/jj-medtech-survey-finds-strong-european-support-healthcare-data-sharing/?.tsrc=rss

73% of surveyed Europeans said they supported the sharing of healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans.
A new survey by Johnson & Johnson (J&J) MedTech reveals that Europeans are generally willing to share their healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans.
In Europe, based on responses from France, Germany, Italy, and the UK, 73% said they supported data sharing for personalised treatment plans. Additionally, 76% would ‘feel excited’ about the future of healthcare if technology produced data that made medical and surgical training easier, while 65% reported being ‘excited’ about the use of AI in healthcare. Among healthcare professionals (HCPs), this figure rose to 86%.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




The online survey featured responses from 11,412 adults in the general population and 964 HCPs across 11 countries, including the UK, US, Italy, and Japan. J&J asserted that the survey results indicated that people “trust technology for key aspects of their healthcare and believe it will continue to deliver benefits”.
Other HCP-specific analyses of the survey responses found that 89% of European HCPs agreed that data and technology would significantly support personalised treatment plans, with 92% convinced technology enhances precision in surgical procedures, and 90% agreeing that it may improve overall workflow and decision-making within healthcare systems.
J&J MedTech said it conducted the survey as part of efforts to integrate technologies that enhance patient outcomes and tackle key healthcare challenges. The medtech giant is working on innovations such as the use of AI-driven tools for analysing patient data ahead of surgery, cardio mapping systems that provide real-time insights to support clinical decisions, and surgical solutions that personalise procedures such as total knee arthroplasty. To fully realise the potential of these technologies at scale, greater connectivity of data across clinical and operational systems will be essential, it added.
Dr Julia Fishman, head of digital solutions for the EMEA region at J&J MedTech, commented: “With our longstanding commitment to support patients and providers across Europe, we champion the transformative potential of data and technology in healthcare.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
“As patients and healthcare professionals express a clear appetite for data-driven care, we have a collective responsibility – across industry, policymakers and healthcare systems – to unlock the potential of technology safely and meaningfully.”


                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Medical Technology : Medical Device Network Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the medical device industry

				Powered by
				

© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.