Title: Johnson & Johnson expands efforts to champion the nursing workforce globally
Date: 2025-05-08 12:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-expands-efforts-champion-121200671.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
New social impact platform J&J CareCommunity aims to collaboratively help address global nursing challenges
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J., May 08, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Johnson & Johnson today announced the expansion of its efforts to champion the nursing workforce and improve access to quality care for communities around the world. These efforts are part of J&J CareCommunity, a new social impact platform that focuses the resources and expertise of J&J and J&J Foundation to support nurses at every step of their career journey and strengthen health systems worldwide. The expansion aims to help address the global shortfall of nurses, which will reach approximately 4.5 million by 2030, driven in part by burnout and low morale, contributing to a significant gap in care and poorer patient outcomes.
"For healthcare to work, it takes nurses. They are leaders, innovators and changemakers within our health systems. J&J CareCommunity enables us to double down in our efforts to support nurses at this pivotal point. Together with our partners, we aim to equip nurses with the skills and support they need to drive meaningful change for patients around the world," said Vanessa Broadhurst, Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs at Johnson & Johnson.
Accelerating Nurse Education and Innovation through Global Flagship Programs
Flagship J&J CareCommunity programs advance solutions to elevate, empower and equip nurses in collaboration with leading academic institutions, health organizations and local authorities. These programs include:
Together with the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing and Wharton Executive Education, J&J is announcing the 2025 class of J&J Nurse Innovation Fellows*, a groundbreaking, one-year, team-based fellowship for nurse leaders focused on nurse-led innovation and leadership to drive transformative change."Nurses are innovators on the front lines of care," said Marion Leary, PhD, MPH, RN, Director of Innovation at the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. "By investing in their creativity and leadership, we strengthen the profession and tap into critical expertise. Our collaboration with Johnson & Johnson helps scale nurse-led solutions that drive meaningful change for patients and communities."
Building on 25 years of impact, J&J Foundation and the Aga Khan University School of Nursing & Midwifery East Africa are continuing to expand opportunities for nursing education and leadership across East Africa. To date, the university has helped train over 3,500 nurses, significantly advancing healthcare across the region.
Through our long-standing partnership with Operation Smile, the Nurse Leadership and Development Initiative is expanding access to safe surgical care by providing nurses with advanced clinical training and mentorship in Latin America, Sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. To date, the initiative has trained 2,880 nurses from 24 countries, reaching more than 18,800 patients."Nurses are the heart and strength of our healthcare system — vigilant guardians, compassionate advocates, and skilled navigators through each patient’s health care journey," said Saber Mostafa, Clinical Nurse Educator at Operation Smile. "Nursing development trainings are essential in equipping them with the expertise and confidence they need to advance their professional growth and deliver high-quality, compassionate care."
A partnership between World Continuing Education Alliance (WCEA) and J&J Foundation is doubling down on its impact after helping nearly one million nurses in more than 60 low-to-middle income countries access more than 70 million hours of training via low-bandwidth and digital platforms optimized for offline learning.
J&J is proud to announce the J&J CareCommunity Employee Family Nurse Scholarship, a scholarship for J&J employee family members that builds on our decades of scholarships and academic partnerships for students. It honors J&J employees and family members whose nursing careers share Our Credo values.
In collaboration with Microsoft and SONSIEL, and with support from J&J Foundation, NurseHack4Health will continue convening nurse-led teams globally to innovate solutions for challenges in care delivery. The program has brought together over 5,500 nurses to date and will host its inaugural Hackathon with the International Council of Nurses at their bi-annual congress in Helsinki, Finland, in June 2025.
Together with Brazil’s Federal Nursing Council (COFEN), J&J Foundation is supporting education and leadership development through CofenPlay, a first-of-its-kind digital platform that integrates more than 100,000 resources for more than one million registered nurses and supports the long-term resilience of Brazil’s nurses.
Impact Ventures, an investment fund within J&J Foundation, is funding in scalable solutions that engage and equip nurses in Kenya to provide quality and affordable care, including Jacaranda Maternity, Penda Health, and South Lake Medical Center.
Building on a long legacy of impactJohnson & Johnson has championed nurses since 1897. In 2002, the Company launched the Campaign for Nursing’s Future, a multi-year, collaborative, $50 million initiative to elevate the reputation of nursing, recruit new talent, and support nurse educators across the United States. With the support of cross-sector partners, this campaign helped more than one million nurses enter the workforce, accounting for nearly one-fourth of the U.S. nursing workforce, and supported the growth and recognition of the nursing profession.
###
*2025 Class of J&J Nurse Innovation Fellows: University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital (AL), Cleveland Clinic (OH), CommonSpirit Saint Anthony Hospital (CO), St. Elizabeth Healthcare (KY), University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center (MD), Advocate Health (IL), Mercy Hospital South (MO), Naval Medical Center Camp Lejeune (NC), Arrowhead Regional Medical Center (CA), NYC Health + Hospitals/Queens (NY), Yale New Haven Health Bridgeport Hospital (CT), Atrium Health Pineville (NC), Ascension Seton Williamson (TX), Lahey Hospital and Medical Center (MA) and Penn Medicine (PA).
Johnson & Johnson’s Commitment to the Global Health Workforce
As healthcare advances, we believe in supporting those who shape it – healthcare professionals. J&J CareCommunity is a global social impact platform from Johnson & Johnson to advance access to quality care through championing nurses and community health workers. We do this by collaborating with those closest to the challenge to connect more people to care. Learn more at www.jnj.com/jnjcarecommunity.
About Johnson & JohnsonAt Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more at https://www.jnj.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250508694792/en/
Contacts
Media contact: Trish GarrityJohnson & Johnsontgarrity@its.jnj.com 202-951-0265
Investor contact: Darren SnellgroveJohnson & Johnsoninvestor-relations@its.jnj.com
Strength in Avanos' SNS segment drives its first-quarter 2025 performance despite global macroeconomic challenges.
The tax credit commitment has been facilitated through Acadia's Climate and Communities Investment Coalition.
Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NetApp, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTAP) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It is resolving […]
Microsoft, Alphabet and Meta are part of the Zacks Earnings Trends article.
Terry Wolfendale will lead the southern sales division, overseeing efforts to expand the company’s presence and strengthen its brand within the invoice finance market.
Microsoft’s (MSFT) Q3 earnings last week turned out to be a mic-drop moment for analysts, as the tech behemoth didn’t just surpass expectations, but totally crushed them. Since the announcement, seven Wall Street firms have reiterated their bullish stances on MSFT. Azure’s explosive growth, in particular, stole the show. Paired with OpenAI, Microsoft is sprinting ahead in the AI race, leaving competitors scrambling. And then, even after the stock’s post-earnings jump, MSFT still feels like a sma
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […]
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.