Title: DAL vs. UAL: Which Airline Stock is a Stronger Play Now?
Date: 2025-04-30 14:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dal-vs-ual-airline-stock-144800892.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Delta Air Lines DAL and United Airlines UAL  are two well-known names in the Zacks Transportation- Airline industry. These airline heavyweights, along with American Airlines AAL and Southwest Airlines LUV, account for a vast majority of the U.S. airline market.
Delta, based in Atlanta, GA, is a founding member of the SkyTeam alliance. It is known for its extensive domestic and international network. DAL and its alliance partners collectively serve over 120 countries and territories, with more than 800 destinations served globally.
United Airlines, on the other hand, is based in Chicago and is a founding member of the world's largest alliance network, Star Alliance. Like DAL, UAL operates both domestically and internationally. Through its vast network, UAL is responsible for connecting around 174 million passengers to more than 360 destinations across six continents.
Given this backdrop, let’s examine closely to find out which airline heavyweight currently holds the edge, and more importantly, which might be the smarter investment now.
Due to the tariff-induced economic uncertainties and the resultant reduction in consumer and corporate confidence, there has been a slowdown in domestic air travel demand, hurting U.S. airline operators like DAL.Given the lack of visibility, DAL withdrew its full-year 2025 outlook. Management stated that it would provide an update later in the year as visibility improves. To combat the weak demand scenario, DAL is reducing costs by trimming capacity. DAL now expects planned capacity to be flat in the second half of 2025 compared with 3-4% year-over-year growth expected previously, with domestic main cabin seats on the decline. As a result of this turbulent scenario, it is not much of a surprise that DAL expects adjusted revenues for the June quarter to be down 2% to up 2% from the prior year. Despite this chaotic situation, there are some positives for DAL. The southward movement of oil price bodes well for the bottom-line growth of Delta. This is because fuel expenses are a significant input cost for the aviation space. Crude oil is struggling in 2025, with prices sliding to multi-month lows. Tariff concerns, weakening consumer confidence, and production increases by OPEC+ have all resulted in this downward pressure. Consequently, expenses on aircraft fuel and related taxes declined 7% year over year in the first quarter of 2025, aiding DAL’s bottom line.
Highlighting its shareholder-friendly stance, DAL’s management resumed paying quarterly dividends in 2023 of 10 cents per share after a COVID-induced hiatus. In June 2024, management announced a 50% hike in its quarterly dividend payout. This was the first dividend increase by DAL since the resumption of its quarterly dividend payments last year. DAL’s dividend yield is currently pegged at 1.43%. In this scenario of uncertainty, DAL’s dividend-paying capacity is a positive for income-seeking investors and highlights confidence in its cash flow and prospects.Delta’s liquidity position is encouraging. The airline ended first-quarter 2025 with cash and cash equivalents of $3.7 billion, higher than the current debt level of $2.9 billion. This implies that the company has sufficient cash to meet its current debt obligations. DAL's efforts to repay its debts are encouraging, too. The company’s times interest earned ratio of 7.7 compares favorably with the industrial levels.
UAL is also suffering from a tariff-induced slowdown in domestic air travel demand. Naturally, domestic travel was soft in the first quarter of 2025. International revenues remained strong in the March quarter, owing to the buoyant demand for long-haul travel. Atlantic unit revenues, or revenue per available seat mile and Pacific revenue per available seat mile were up 4.7% and 8.5% on a year-over-year basis. UAL serves the most international destinations among U.S. carriers. Given the market uncertainty and lack of clarity, UAL has offered 2025 earnings per share guidance for two scenarios. In case of a stable market environment, UAL expects 2025 adjusted EPS between $11.50 and $13.50. In a recessionary environment, UAL expects 2025 adjusted EPS between $7 and $9. To combat the weak demand scenario, UAL intends to reduce off-peak flying on lower-demand days. To that end, UAL aims to remove 4 points of scheduled domestic capacity, starting in the third quarter of 2025. High labor costs (expenses on salaries and related costs were up 12.8% in 2024) and a very large but aging fleet raise concerns. Delivery delays, predominantly of the 737 MAX, due to production issues at Boeing BA, hampered UAL’s fleet-related plans.  United Airlines flies the Boeing 737 MAX in its fleet, specifically the MAX 8 and MAX 9 variants. Following a series of safety-related incidents, the regulatory body has intensified its scrutiny of Boeing’s 737 MAX variants. For 2025, UAL expects to receive multiple Boeing 737 MAX jets. It also expects to receive other jets to modernize its fleet. This will require substantial capex (expected to be less than $6.5 billion in 2025).Even in this uncertain scenario, UAL is being well-served by the decline in fuel costs. Investor-friendly initiatives add another layer of appeal. In October 2024, UAL announced a $1.5 billion share buyback plan, highlighting its pro-shareholder approach. This was the first buyback program announced by UAL since it suspended share repurchases during the COVID-19 pandemic. UAL repurchased shares worth $451 million through April 10.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for DAL’s 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decrease of 0.6%, while the same for 2026 shows a 5.7% year-over-year increase. The consensus mark for DAL’s 2025 EPS highlights a 12.7% year-over-year drop. The 2026 EPS consensus mark shows a 24.5% year-over-year increase, reflecting analysts' hope that the current situation would improve. Moreover, the EPS estimates for 2025 and 2026 have been trending southward over the past 30 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for UAL’s 2025 and 2026 sales implies a year-over-year increase of 2.9% and 8.7%, respectively. The consensus mark for UAL’s 2025 EPS highlights a 3.6% year-over-year drop. The 2026 EPS consensus mark shows a 23% year-over-year increase. Like DAL, EPS estimates for 2025 and 2026 have been trending southward over the past 30 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Due to the slowdown in domestic air travel demand, airline stocks have performed dismally lately. DAL, UAL and other key players in the industry, such as American Airlines and Southwest Airlines, have declined significantly in the year-to-date period. Shares of Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, American Airlines, and Southwest Airlines have plunged 30.5%, 29%, 43.2% and 19%, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
DAL is trading at a forward sales multiple of 0.44, below its industry’s reading of 0.52X. UAL’s forward sales multiple sits at 0.37, which too represents a discount to the reading of its industry. As a result, both UAL and DAL have a Value Score of A.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The current uncertain scenario is hurting both Delta and United Airlines, as reflected in their disappointing price performance and earnings estimate revisions. Moreover, both are attractively valued.However, UAL, unlike DAL, doesn’t reward its shareholders with dividends. Dividend-paying stocks are highly sought after, especially in uncertain times like the current scenario. In such a scenario, dividends are major sources of consistent income for investors, though they do not offer dramatic price appreciation. Stocks backed by regular dividends can reduce the volatility of a portfolio. Moreover, fleet-related concerns due to delays at Boeing represent another concern for UAL. Delta, unlike UAL, currently does not operate or fly any of the Boeing MAX variants. Moreover, UAL’s high capex requirement, as it maintains a very large fleet in this era of demand weakness, is a concern as well. Given these factors, DAL seems a better pick than UAL now. While DAL carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), UAL is currently #4 Ranked (Sell).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Boeing Company (BA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Southwest Airlines Co. (LUV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Ford pays a generous dividend yield while trading at a modest P/E ratio.
Earnings came in at $2.25 a share on revenue of $94.6 billion in the quarter, way above analysts' expectations.
Premium, loyalty, and co-branded credit card revenue have diversified Delta's income streams.  Diversifying revenue streams makes the airline business more resilient during downturns.  It's no secret that President Donald Trump's trade war is negatively impacting airlines, at least in the near term, but that shouldn't detract from how attractive stocks like Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) are over the long term.
Such partnerships have drawn unwanted attention from federal officials recently, though.  Investors didn't seem all that willing to board United Airlines (NASDAQ: UAL) stock on Hump Day, following speculation that it might be trying to partner with a peer carrier.  On Tuesday night, Reuters published an article stating that United has been negotiating a potential tie-up with New York-based airline JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU).
American Express (AXP) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Binky Chadha, chief global strategist and head of asset allocation at Deutsche Bank, expects a "credible relent on trade policies" to fuel a significant rally in US stocks as he says tariffs have "hurt US growth more than we are hurting anyone else."
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio