Title: 1 Cash-Producing Stock for Long-Term Investors and 2 to Be Wary Of
Date: 2025-05-01 04:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-cash-producing-stock-long-043933547.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
While strong cash flow is a key indicator of stability, it doesn’t always translate to superior returns. Some cash-heavy businesses struggle with inefficient spending, slowing demand, or weak competitive positioning.
Cash flow is valuable, but it’s not everything - StockStory helps you identify the companies that truly put it to work. Keeping that in mind, here is one cash-producing company that reinvests wisely to drive long-term success and two that may struggle to keep up.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 4.5%
One of the ‘Big Four’ airlines in the US, Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) is a major global air carrier that serves both business and leisure travelers through its domestic and international flights.
Performance surrounding its revenue passenger miles has lagged its peers
Projected sales decline of 1.6% for the next 12 months points to a tough demand environment ahead
Negative returns on capital show management lost money while trying to expand the business
At $41.80 per share, Delta trades at 6.7x forward price-to-earnings. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why DAL doesn’t pass our bar.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 4.3%
With a team of experts deployed across 30+ countries to tackle complex business challenges, FTI Consulting (NYSE:FCN) is a global business advisory firm that helps organizations manage change, mitigate risk, and resolve disputes across financial, legal, operational, and regulatory matters.
Estimated sales growth of 2.1% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
Expenses have increased as a percentage of revenue over the last five years as its adjusted operating margin fell by 2.8 percentage points
Capital intensity has ramped up over the last five years as its free cash flow margin decreased by 5.6 percentage points
FTI Consulting’s stock price of $166.28 implies a valuation ratio of 20.6x forward price-to-earnings. If you’re considering FCN for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 7.2%
With roots dating back to 1914 and deep ties to nearly all U.S. cabinet-level departments, Booz Allen Hamilton (NYSE:BAH) provides management consulting, technology services, and cybersecurity solutions primarily to U.S. government agencies and military branches.
Core business can prosper without any help from acquisitions as its organic revenue growth averaged 13.2% over the past two years
$11.78 billion in revenue allows it to spread its fixed costs across a wider base
Share repurchases have amplified shareholder returns as its annual earnings per share growth of 14.5% exceeded its revenue gains over the last five years
Booz Allen Hamilton is trading at $120.02 per share, or 17.5x forward price-to-earnings. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
The market surged in 2024 and reached record highs after Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November, but questions about new economic policies are adding much uncertainty for 2025.
While the crowd speculates what might happen next, we’re homing in on the companies that can succeed regardless of the political or macroeconomic environment. Put yourself in the driver’s seat and build a durable portfolio by checking out our Top 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Comfort Systems (+751% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
Ameren (AEE) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -0.93% and 5.73%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vistra Corp. (NYSE:VST) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the […]
Hyatt Hotels shares surged in early trading Thursday after the company reported first-quarter results above analysts' expectations.
Also: McDonald’s says consumers are cutting back, Kohl fired its CEO after only 3 months.
Nvidia shares are surging in premarket trading Thursday as two of its key customers—Microsoft and Meta Platforms—posted strong results and committed to continuing their heavy AI spending.
Premium, loyalty, and co-branded credit card revenue have diversified Delta's income streams.  Diversifying revenue streams makes the airline business more resilient during downturns.  It's no secret that President Donald Trump's trade war is negatively impacting airlines, at least in the near term, but that shouldn't detract from how attractive stocks like Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) are over the long term.
This AI chip stock has pulled back in 2025 despite its impressive growth.  Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) investors are having a forgettable year so far as shares of the chipmaker have pulled back by more than 20% in 2025 as of this writing.  It is worth noting that AMD's financial performance has been picking up momentum in recent quarters, thanks to its data center and client processor businesses.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio