Title: The CEOs of Accenture and Delta on how they deal with ‘fear and uncertainty’
Date: 2025-05-02 08:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ceos-accenture-delta-deal-fear-085713653.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
In today’s CEO Daily: Diane Brady talks to Accenture CEO Julie Sweet and Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian.
The big story: The US and China have begun trade talks—but there is a long way to go.
Analyst notes from Wedbush on Elon Musk, Macquarie on the dollar, and Goldman Sachs on equities.
Plus: All the news and watercooler chat from Fortune.
Good morning. I remember asking a man in Helsinki why his country is often ranked as the happiest on earth, at which point he leaned in and said, “it depends on how you define ‘happy.’” Good point. What makes for a happy employee at a hedge fund may be different than what motivates workers at a hospital or a hotel company. There are standard good practices like respect, fair pay, interesting work, and a sense of community, of course. But I long ago concluded that the most important factor in fostering happiness on the job is leadership. Inspiring leaders create inspiring places to work, as we’ve seen in the annual Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For list.
I had a chance to speak earlier this week with two leaders whose companies repeatedly appear on our list: Accenture Chair and CEO Julie Sweet and Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian. They joined me for a webinar alongside Great Place to Work CEO Michael C. Bush, our partner in putting together the ranking, which is culled from 1.3 million employee responses.
Our conversation focused on how they are leading and managing change in these volatile times. “I was joking with a colleague that I redefined what R and R is to be resilience and results, because that's what I feel like I'm focusing on,” said Sweet, whose transparency about dealing with cancer has personally inspired me. “We can only control what we can control.” Among other things, she is now using her daily walks as a time to connect with people in her life. She’s also doubling down on the learning culture she’s fostered at the top, from reading Hope, an autobiography by the late Pope Francis, to regular check-ins with Accenture’s AI-enabled database on tariffs. “Being able to invest in being fast really matters to your employees as they're going through these difficult times.”
Bastian, meanwhile, is drawing lessons from the pandemic. “Rather than R and R. I've called it D and D: differentiated and durable.” What that means in practice is focusing first on employees, most of whom just got a 4% raise despite the economic uncertainty ahead. “The most important people to listen to are your own, to understand what they need to be able to take care of the hundreds of millions of people that we serve,” he said, adding that “At times like this is when we need leadership to stand up like never before.” (If you haven’t read Shawn Tully’s cover profile of Bastian in our current issue, you should.)
Bush agreed, arguing that there “is more fear and uncertainty in the workplace than any time since we've been in business at Great Place to Work.” One bright spot: The leaders he talks to are investing more in their communities, not just their companies. “The same people who want to have a great place to work want a great place to live.” Click here to see a video of our conversation and thanks to all of you who joined us.
Contact CEO Daily via Diane Brady at diane.brady@fortune.com
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Premium, loyalty, and co-branded credit card revenue have diversified Delta's income streams.  Diversifying revenue streams makes the airline business more resilient during downturns.  It's no secret that President Donald Trump's trade war is negatively impacting airlines, at least in the near term, but that shouldn't detract from how attractive stocks like Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) are over the long term.
The latest trading day saw Accenture (ACN) settling at $300.53, representing a +0.46% change from its previous close.
NVIDIA, Visa, HIVE Blockchain and Accenture are included in this Analyst Blog.
UOB will utilise Accenture's AI-based tools, such as the AI Refinery platform, to accelerate its GenAI implementation.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in […]
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio