Title: JetZero Secures $235M U.S. Air Force Contract As United Airlines Eyes 200 Orders For Revolutionary Blended-Wing Aircraft
Date: 2025-05-02 17:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jetzero-secures-235m-u-air-170334669.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
JetZero, a blended-wing body aircraft startup, has recently secured a $235 million contract from the U.S. Air Force and major investments from United Airlines (NASDAQ:UAL) and Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL).
The company said the aircraft has the potential to cut fuel burn by up to 50% per passenger mile, while comfortably seating 250 passengers and flying up to 5,000 nautical miles.
JetZero's flagship aircraft, the Z4, is a high-capacity commercial plane designed to reshape both civilian and military aviation. With a demo flight scheduled for 2027, the Z4 targets long-haul commercial routes but also offers military potential, according to the company. The aircraft has multiple configurations including cargo transport and refueling tankers, two use cases that account for around 60% of the U.S. Air Force's total jet fuel consumption.
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now.
The Air Force's $235 million contract is meant to accelerate the development of JetZero's demonstrator aircraft and airframe technologies. JetZero is working closely with the Air Force, NASA, and the Federal Aviation Administration, which places it at the intersection of federal defense, aviation research, and commercial innovation.
In addition to military support, JetZero's commercial ambitions are gaining serious momentum, with United entering into a conditional agreement to order up to 100 aircraft, along with an option for 100 more.
Besides the focus on fuel savings, the aircraft's blended wing structure introduces a completely reimagined cabin layout. The company said that plans for the interior include larger, flexible seating, wider aisles, handicap-accessible lavatories, and dedicated overhead bins for each seat. The design also streamlines boarding, thanks to a wide main entrance and multiple aisles, reducing crowding and speeding up passenger flow.
The aircraft will run on conventional jet engines but is also compatible with sustainable aviation fuel blends. This opens the door to dramatic cuts in carbon emissions without requiring immediate overhauls of fueling infrastructure.
Trending: Donald Trump Just Announced a $500 Billion AI Infrastructure Deal — Here's How You Can Invest in the Entertainment Market's Next Big Disruptor for Just $998
JetZero's technology got a major boost when United and Delta airlines became strategic partners. While United has invested in the startup through its corporate venture arm, United Airlines Ventures, Delta supports the company with operational expertise and design collaboration.
Andrew Chang, managing director of United Airlines Ventures, emphasized the airline's vision: “If successful, JetZero has the potential to evolve our core mainline business by developing aircraft with a bigger, more comfortable cabin experience for our customers while increasing fuel efficiency across our network.”
Delta said it has also stepped in to co-develop the aircraft with JetZero, collaborating on everything from seating layout to operational integration. The airline's goal is to help push forward new technologies that align with its decarbonization efforts and improve the customer experience, it added.
See Also: Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share.
Unlike other radical aircraft concepts, JetZero's Z4 is designed to integrate seamlessly into today's airport systems. The company is planning a strategic rollout that matches the operational reality of existing airline networks, avoiding costly infrastructure upgrades while maximizing adoption potential.
“JetZero is focused on one key technology – the airframe – that enables us to address all of the barriers to growth. This program is the only one in development today that promises efficiency and an elevated customer experience," Tom O'Leary, JetZero's CEO and co-founder, said.
With powerhouse partners like United, Delta, and the U.S. military behind it, JetZero may radically change the future of air travel. Between passenger experience upgrades, aggressive fuel efficiency goals, and sustainability targets, the startup is gaining altitude fast in both commercial and defense sectors.
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS (UAL): Free Stock Analysis Report
DELTA AIR LINES (DAL): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article JetZero Secures $235M U.S. Air Force Contract As United Airlines Eyes 200 Orders For Revolutionary Blended-Wing Aircraft originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
The company - one of the world's largest commercial insurers - posted catastrophe losses of $525 million in the three months ended March 31, with $460 million related to the wildfires before reinstatement premiums.  Global insured losses from hurricanes, storms, floods and other natural disasters could jump to $145 billion in 2025, from $137 billion last year, reinsurance company Swiss Re said on Tuesday.  The wildfires, which killed more than two dozen people and charred an area bigger than Paris, cost the industry $40 billion in insured losses, Swiss Re added.
Such partnerships have drawn unwanted attention from federal officials recently, though.  Investors didn't seem all that willing to board United Airlines (NASDAQ: UAL) stock on Hump Day, following speculation that it might be trying to partner with a peer carrier.  On Tuesday night, Reuters published an article stating that United has been negotiating a potential tie-up with New York-based airline JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU).
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio