Title: Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL): Jim Cramer Picks His Airline Trade — “Seven Times Earnings? I’ll Take Delta”
Date: 2025-05-01 00:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-inc-dal-000654450.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed.
During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in artificial intelligence stocks, three months after the emergence of DeepSeek, a Chinese AI firm that initially rattled markets. He noted that despite the broad pullback in the sector, many of the fears triggered by DeepSeek’s debut have not materialized, which has led to a reconsideration of the panic that followed.
“Three months ago, January 23rd is a day that will live in artificial intelligence infamy. That’s when we learned that a Chinese firm called DeepSeek had figured out a way to train high quality generative AI models using far less hardware. They claim their hardware costs were around $6 million versus $80 to $100 million for their enormous American competitors.”
READ ALSO: Did Jim Cramer Nail All These 9 Stock Predictions? and What Happened After Jim Cramer Talked About These 13 Stocks.
The announcement sent shockwaves through the market. Cramer recalled how NVIDIA saw its stock fall sharply over just two trading sessions. The market reaction spread quickly beyond and hit other companies tied to data center infrastructure, which eventually pulled down the broader Nasdaq. However, Cramer noted that the company then revealed plans to build $500 billion worth of AI infrastructure in the United States over the next four years.
Cramer noted that initially, it seemed to signal a renewed sense of stability. But soon after, the administration imposed a ban on selling AI chips to China, which forced the GPU kingpin to write down $5.5 billion tied to that entire initiative. Even so, Cramer emphasized that the company’s core business remained strong.
“We understand that they’re basically sold out for the year, even as they can only sell their best stuff in the United States and the 18 friendly countries.”
Cramer attributed the export restrictions to a policy from former President Biden, one that President Trump has not reversed. Despite the geopolitical constraints, Cramer stressed that demand for the company’s technology is still overwhelming. He argued that the stock never should have experienced such a steep drop in the first place. He added:
“Even with the trade war, the AI infrastructure theme seems totally back on track. In fact, it never left the track to begin with.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money on April 30, 2024. We then calculated their performance from April 30th, 2024, market close to April 29th, 2025, market close. We have also included the hedge fund sentiment for the stocks, which we sourced from Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 database of over 900 hedge funds. The stocks are listed in the order that Cramer mentioned them.
Please note that this article mentions Jim Cramer’s previous opinions and may not account for any changes to his opinions regarding the stocks that are mentioned. It is primarily an examination of how his previously provided opinions have panned out.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
An aerial view of a commercial aircraft taking off from a coastal hub.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
During the lightning round, Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), one of the major U.S. airlines, was brought up by a viewer seeking Cramer’s opinion at the time. Cramer gave a straightforward reply:
“I like Delta very much. I actually have to prefer [inaudible]. I like it. I like United too. I think they’re both good. Now remember they’re very inexpensive stocks but they trade wildly. But I do like Delta.”
The airline stock is down 16.59% since that episode aired.
Cramer discussed airline stocks and the negative sentiment around them earlier in April. Here’s what he said about Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL):
“I know that people don’t like the stock but if you want an airline, the one that people are buying, it’s Delta. It’s all the way down to 40. It sells at seven times earnings. People feel that the travel bull market is over. I regard these as what I call trading vehicles. But if you want to trade one; the one you want to trade is Delta, DAL.”
Overall, DAL ranks 6th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Also: McDonald’s says consumers are cutting back, Kohl fired its CEO after only 3 months.
Retirees have more options that ever for earning extra money with the gig economy in full swing and a variety of jobs that can be done from home. In fact, many retirees have made the choice to return...
Apple's gross profit margin was slightly disappointing in its second-quarter report. Overall, Wall Street analysts expected a 47.3% gross margin; Apple delivered 47.1%. This was driven by product gross margin of 35.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Shares of both Apple and Amazon.com eased in after-hours trading on Thursday, with forecasts including Apple's estimated tariff costs disappointing investors after U.S. tech-related shares jumped earlier in the day.  Apple's stock was down 4% after the bell.  While the company's results were better than analysts had expected, CEO Tim Cook said estimated tariffs will add about $900 million in costs to the quarter ending in June if rates do not change.
Qualcomm shares are falling in premarket trading Thursday, a day after the chipmaker's soft current-quarter revenue outlook outweighed better-than-expected fiscal second-quarter results.
The Dow Jones rallied 200 points Thursday after a surprise jump in weekly jobless claims. Meta stock and Microsoft surged on earnings.
Holding investments during a bear market can be unnerving and stressful.  Buying stocks when prices are low, however, can set you up for big returns later on.  Warren Buffett says temperament, not intellect, is what you need to do well in the markets.
The short term rental company, which operates in more than 220 countries, shed some light on the health of the U.S. traveler.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market […]
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio