Title: Is Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Among The Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500?
Date: 2025-05-01 08:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-inc-dal-081123261.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other most undervalued stocks.
Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market value over two brutal trading days at the beginning of April 2025. The iPhone-maker was hit the hardest, dropping more than $533 billion, partly due to new tariffs targeting its overseas production. Elon Musk’s EV giant fell over 10% on April 4, and Wall Street’s semiconductor darling lost nearly $400 billion. Jeff Bezos’ e-commerce powerhouse also saw its worst losing streak since 2008. The selloff came after Donald Trump’s newly announced tariffs sparked fears of a global trade war and potential recession. It did not just impact the mega-caps; the pain spread across the tech sector, which saw steep declines in stock prices. Even semiconductor stocks, although not yet directly impacted by tariffs, are being dragged down by growing uncertainty.
Amidst this volatile market landscape, Veteran investor Bill Nygren noted that the chaos caused by Trump’s steep tariffs has opened up a rare window for long-term investors to scoop up undervalued stocks. While he admits the uncertainty is not great for investors and could lead to inflation and slower growth, he sees opportunity in the selloff. Nygren pointed out that many quality companies, including major airlines, banks, and media firms, are now trading at dirt-cheap valuations. Some of them are trading under 7 or 8 times earnings because of overly negative investor sentiment. Nygren believes that if you hold these types of stocks long enough, there is a good chance they will deliver solid returns.
Hedge fund billionaire Warren Buffett also endorses Bill Nygren’s approach. Buffett made his $165 billion fortune by practicing value investing. He is known for buying stocks that are undervalued compared to their true worth and holding onto them for the long run. His approach focuses on companies with robust fundamentals, solid management, and potential for future growth, rather than chasing after risky or short-term trends. Value investing involves looking for stocks with low price-to-earnings ratios, and it often requires investors to go against the market's emotions and short-term movements.
An aerial view of a commercial aircraft taking off from a coastal hub.
For this article, we used the Finviz screener and filtered out S&P stocks. Then, we applied a filter to arrange these stocks in ascending order of P/E ratios. We picked the 10 stocks with the lowest P/E ratios to compile this list. We have also mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around the holdings as per Insider Monkey's Q4 2024 database, ranking the list from least to most hedge fund holders.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is a major player in global air travel that flies passengers and cargo both domestically and internationally. It ranks 2nd on our list of stocks with a low PE ratio. On April 24, Delta announced that its board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. The dividend will be distributed on June 3, to shareholders on record as of May 13.
On April 10, TD Cowen reaffirmed a Buy rating on Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) and raised the price target from $45 to $50. Stifel has trimmed its 2025 earnings forecast for Delta from $5.52 to $4.34 per share, following the airline’s Q1 results and a cautious outlook for the rest of the year. While a temporary pause in tariffs offers some short-term relief, analysts expect revenue growth to slow into early 2026.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) reported $13 billion in revenue for Q1 2025, up 3.3% from last year, driven by strong premium, customer loyalty, and international travel. Premium revenue rose 7%, and Amex payments hit a record $2 billion. While domestic and corporate travel softened, international routes, especially in the Pacific, saw solid growth. Delta also cut $1.1 billion in debt, ending the quarter with $16.9 billion in net debt, $6.8 billion in liquidity, and $1.3 billion in free cash flow.
According to Insider Monkey’s fourth quarter database, 84 hedge funds held stakes in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), up from 57 funds in the previous quarter. Harris Associates was the biggest position holder in the company, with 9.82 million shares valued at $594 million.
Overall, DAL ranks 2nd among the lowest PE ratio stocks in the S&P. While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The therapy leverages the company’s intravitreal vector, R100, invented using the Therapeutic Vector Evolution platform.
The results make UnitedHealth Group’s earnings blowup last month look less and less like a sector-wide problem.
Dominion Energy is an electric utility with an above-average 5% dividend yield.  Dominion Energy has a monopoly in one of the largest data center markets on the planet.  Dominion Energy (NYSE: D) has a number of very attractive features to offer dividend investors.
Apple's gross profit margin was slightly disappointing in its second-quarter report. Overall, Wall Street analysts expected a 47.3% gross margin; Apple delivered 47.1%. This was driven by product gross margin of 35.
LONDON (Reuters) -British factory exports shrank at their sharpest pace in almost five years and cost pressures intensified in April, according to a survey that showed the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war and a UK tax hike for employers.  Foreign demand for British manufactured goods fell in the United States, Europe and China, S&P Global said on Thursday.  The headline S&P Global Purchasing Managers' Index for UK manufacturing came in at 45.4 in April, remaining below the 50.0 threshold that divides growth from contraction for the seventh month in a row.
Retirees have more options that ever for earning extra money with the gig economy in full swing and a variety of jobs that can be done from home. In fact, many retirees have made the choice to return...
We recently published a list of 10 Most Undervalued Renewable Energy Stocks To Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) stands against other most undervalued renewable energy stocks. In 2024, global energy demand increased by 2.2%, quicker than the average over the last decade. […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Seth Klarman’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where GDS Holdings Limited (NASDAQ:GDS) stands against other billionaire Seth Klarman’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Seth Klarman is a legendary name in the hedge fund space. […]
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market value […]
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio