Title: Big Oil earnings show split in production strategy, shareholder returns
Date: 2025-05-02 21:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-oil-earnings-show-split-212746137.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Sheila Dang and Shadia Nasralla
HOUSTON/LONDON (Reuters) -Big Oil's first-quarter earnings have shown a clear split in how companies are positioned to weather the downturn sparked by a slump in oil prices to a four-year low in April.
Investors were focused on whether companies would cut share repurchases, since lower crude prices would leave them with less cash to fund the programs. Buybacks and dividends are key to investor interest in the oil industry.
U.S. oil producer Exxon Mobil and UK-based Shell kept the pace of share buybacks. Their top rivals, U.S.-based Chevron and UK-based BP said they would reduce buybacks in the second quarter.
The difference speaks to where each company is in its business cycle.
Exxon has benefited from prolific production from its Guyana oilfield, the largest offshore oil find in at least a decade.
A major player in the top U.S. oilfield, the Permian Basin, as well as in Guyana, Exxon increased production by 20% year-over-year. Both areas are highly profitable and the company is working to reduce its operating costs, said Exxon CEO Darren Woods.
"In this uncertain market, our shareholders can be confident in knowing that we're built for this," Woods said in the company's first-quarter earnings statement.
Oil prices recorded their largest monthly drop since 2021 this week as investors priced in the expected damage to the global economy - and contingent fuel demand - from U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies.
Exxon's net-debt-to-capital ratio was 7%. It was the only integrated oil company that did not increase net debt during the quarter, said Kim Fustier, head of European oil and gas research at HSBC.
Chevron's first-quarter oil and gas production was flat compared to the previous year as growth in Kazakhstan and the Permian was offset by loss of production from asset sales.
Earlier this year, the company announced it would lay off up to 20% of its staff as part of an effort to simplify the business and cut up to $3 billion in costs.
Chevron is attempting to buy into the Guyana play through the acquisition of one of Exxon's minority partners in the project, Hess. Exxon is in arbitration over that deal, and claims to have the right of first refusal for Hess' stake in the field.
Exxon repurchased $4.8 billion of shares during the first quarter, putting it on track to meet its annual target of $20 billion.
Chevron said it would reduce buybacks to between $2 billion and $3.5 billion in the current quarter, down from $3.9 billion between January and March, which it said was a reflection of market conditions.
"Exxon's low-cost production gave it room to hold the line on buybacks, with Chevron pulling back as weaker oil prices bite," said Jake Behan, head of capital markets at financial products firm Direxion.
SHELL IMPRESSES, BP DISAPPOINTS
In Europe, Shell's first-quarter earnings beat analyst expectations. The company said it planned to buy back $3.5 billion worth of shares over the next three months, the 14th consecutive quarter of a buyback program of at least $3 billion.
BP missed earnings expectations with a 48% fall in profit to $1.4 billion and also slashed its share buyback program from around $1.8 billion to $750 million a quarter.
After the disappointing results, BP could miss consensus expectations for second-quarter earnings by 20%, said Biraj Borkhataria, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, in a note.
"The combination of a weaker (free cash flow), higher leverage and patchy execution leaves us more cautious on the name versus peers," he wrote.
The British oil major is in the midst of a strategy change back toward oil and gas after a failed attempt to move more aggressively than rivals toward a low-carbon energy business model.
BP had underperformed its biggest rivals before the downturn, making it a potential takeover target. Shell CEO Wael Sawan said on Friday he would rather buy back more of his company's own shares than bid for BP.
Shell kept its investment budget at between $20 billion and $22 billion for the year, while BP said it will cut spending by $500 million, to a $14.5 billion budget.
BP also indicated it could offload more assets, increasing its outlook for asset sales this year to between $3 billion and $4 billion, from $3 billion previously.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston and Shadia Nasralla in London;Editing by Rod Nickel)
Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported better-than-expected first-quarter profit early Friday.  Exxon executives claimed, despite pressure on prices and margins, their "strategy remains unchanged."  Meanwhile, Chevron stressed shareholder value, returning nearly $7 billion to stockholders in Q1 but plans to reduce that amount in the second quarter.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Ice cream maker Ben & Jerry's said late on Friday that billionaire activist investor Nelson Peltz, who is on its parent company Unilever's board, has increased his influence over the consumer goods conglomerate, including on political issues.  Unilever and the unit have been locked in a bitter legal dispute since last year over allegations that the parent is muzzling it, hurting its ability to carry out its social mission.  The Vermont-based frozen dessert manufacturer made the new claims in response to Unilever's attempts last week to have the case thrown out.
The two companies are collaborating to bring enterprise AI to Box users.
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
CEO Steve Huffman said in an earnings call that the company still expects some "bumps" in traffic due to Google's algorithm.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -The International Chamber of Commerce has scheduled a hearing in Exxon Mobil's arbitration dispute over rival Chevron's planned acquisition of oil producer Hess for May 26, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  It has delayed Chevron's $53-billion deal to buy Hess, which was announced nearly 18 months ago.
Chevron  stock fell early Friday even after the oil major reported earnings that beat expectations.  Investors appear to be more interested in its stock buybacks, which are expected to fall along with oil prices.  Chevron’s core results were relatively strong, and the company got a boost from the startup of a large project in Kazakhstan.
ExxonMobil reported better first-quarter results than analysts expected Friday, while rival Chevron beat earnings estimates but fell just short of revenue forecasts.
Trump still wants to replace income taxes with tariffs on imports. Here's why it will never work.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump asked Congress for deep cuts to domestic agencies and a boost to the military in a preliminary outline of his 2026 budget request.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qu
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio