Title: Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) Declares Q2 Dividend Amid Earnings Decrease In US$81 Billion Sales
Date: 2025-05-02 17:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-nyse-xom-declares-175609232.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil recently declared a second-quarter dividend of $0.99 per share while reporting earnings results for Q1 2025, which showed a slight decline in net income and earnings per share compared to the previous year. This could be a factor weighing on its share price movement, despite broader market positivity with the S&P 500 on a significant winning streak. Persistent pressure on oil prices, alongside uncertainties regarding trade policies, might have contributed to Exxon's flat performance over the last quarter, countering the momentum seen in broader markets.
Buy, Hold or Sell Exxon Mobil? View our complete analysis and fair value estimate and you decide.
The end of cancer? These 23 emerging AI stocks are developing tech that will allow early identification of life changing diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's.
The recent announcement of Exxon's dividend declaration, alongside its first-quarter earnings report showing a slight decline in net income, weighs on its current share price despite a broader market upswing. Over the past five years, Exxon Mobil's shares have delivered a total return of 203.11%, offering a backdrop to gauge current performance. This period of robust returns contrasts with the company's one-year performance, where Exxon Mobil's stock performance was aligned with the US Oil and Gas industry trend, which saw an 8.9% decline over the past year.
The slight decline in earnings and ongoing market pressures, including volatile oil prices, could continue to impact Exxon Mobil's revenue and earnings forecasts. Analysts expect a 5.74% annual earnings growth, projecting earnings to reach US$37.8 billion by 2028. However, these forecasts hinge on Exxon's ability to manage policy dependencies and market conditions effectively. The current share price of US$108.36 remains below the consensus price target of US$124.41; this gap of 12.9% may offer a perspective on how analysts view its potential to reach the target within existing market conditions.
Our valuation report unveils the possibility Exxon Mobil's shares may be trading at a discount.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include NYSE:XOM.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Lucid Group (NASDAQ: LCID) had a record-setting year in 2024.  There's a lot going on here for investors who are wondering if Lucid is worth buying today.  Lucid is an upstart electric vehicle (EV) maker.
Exxon (XOM) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.15% and 1.22%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of the 15 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nu Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:NU) stands against other growth stocks to buy for the next 3 years. On April 29, Dan Ives of Wedbush Securities joined […]
Investors should focus on reliability when they look at high-yield investments.  You can find higher-yielding midstream players than Enterprise Products Partners.  It is hard to find midstream stocks that are more reliable than Enterprise.
Exxon  Mobil is pushing full-throttle ahead on its growth plans, even as the oil market is teetering.  Earnings per share came in at $1.76, compared with a median analyst estimate of $1.75.  Oil prices have slumped below $60 per barrel, near four-year lows, because of worry that tariffs will hurt demand even as OPEC raises production.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron are pushing back on “shortsighted” investors and maintaining their growth plans even as they feud with each other.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio