Title: Arbitration on Exxon and Chevron dispute over Hess acquisition scheduled for 26 May
Date: 2025-05-02 11:12
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/arbitration-exxon-chevron-hess-acquisition-26-may/?.tsrc=rss

The arbitration case centres on the Stabroek block off the coast of Guyana.


The impending arbitration between Exxon and Chevron over the latter’s proposed $53bn acquisition of Hess is set to take place on 26 May, reported Reuters, citing sources.
The arbitration case, which has been a point of contention between the two largest US oil producers, centres on the Stabroek block off the coast of Guyana.
This block represents the most significant oil discovery in the past decade and is a major component of Chevron’s pending acquisition of Hess, initially announced nearly 18 months ago.
The block has exceeded initial production expectations and would significantly enhance Chevron’s overall oil output.
With more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent in recoverable resources, it would bolster Chevron’s oil and gas reserves, which reached their lowest level in more than a decade at the end of 2024.
Exxon, which operates the Stabroek block with a 45% interest, alongside CNOOC with a 25% stake, filed arbitration claims in March last year.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
These claims, submitted roughly four months after Chevron announced it was to acquire Hess, argue that their joint operating agreement grants them the right of first refusal for Hess’ 30% stake in the block.
Chevron and Hess, however, contend that the right of first refusal is not applicable to their merger.
The case, brought before the International Chamber of Commerce, will be reviewed by a three-judge panel to determine the validity of the right-of-first-refusal clause.
While the date and venue of the hearing had not been disclosed previously, a spokesperson for Hess referred to an earlier statement anticipating a decision by the third quarter.
Neither Exxon nor Chevron has commented on the scheduled hearing, the report said.
Chevron also recently acquired a 4.99% stake in Hess’ common shares on the open market in March, signalling confidence in the deal’s completion.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.