Title: ExxonMobil's Q1 Earnings Top Estimates on Higher Production
Date: 2025-05-02 12:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobils-q1-earnings-top-estimates-120500038.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM reported first-quarter 2025 earnings per share of $1.76 (excluding identified items), which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.72. The bottom line, however, declined from the year-ago level of $2.06. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Total quarterly revenues of $83.13 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $84.49 billion. The top line increased from the year-ago figure of $83.08 billion.
Better-than-expected quarterly earnings were fueled by higher production from Guyana, Permian and structural cost savings. However, this was partially offset by lower base volumes from divestments, a decline in industry refining margins and weaker crude price realization.
Exxon Mobil Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Exxon Mobil Corporation Quote
The segment reported quarterly earnings (excluding identified items) of $6.76 billion, up from $5.66 billion in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily driven by production growth from its resources in Guyana, the Permian Basin and Pioneer acquisition. Structural cost savings also contributed to the improvement.
Operations in the United States recorded a profit of $1.87 billion, higher than $1.05 billion registered in the March-end quarter of 2024. The company reported a profit of $4.89 billion from non-U.S. operations compared with $4.61 billion in the year-ago quarter.
Production: ExxonMobil’s production averaged 4,551 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBoe/d), higher than 3,784 MBoe/d reported a year ago. The figure also surpassed our estimate of 4,238.2 MBoe/d.
Liquids production also increased to 3,139 thousand barrels per day (MBbls/d) from 2,557 MBbls/d in the prior-year quarter. The increase can be attributed to higher production from the United States and Asia.
Natural gas production totaled 8,470 million cubic feet per day (Mmcf/d), up from 7,362 Mmcf/d reported a year ago. Increased output levels from the United States and Asia contributed to the increase.
Price Realization: In the United States, ExxonMobil recorded crude price realization of $69.41 per barrel, down from the year-ago figure of $74.96. The figure also missed our estimate of $69.73. Crude price realization for non-U.S. operations decreased to $68.12 per barrel from $72 in the year-ago quarter. Our estimate for the same was pinned at $67.31 per barrel.
Natural gas price in the United States was $3.38 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf), higher than the year-ago level of $2.22. Our estimate for the same was pegged at $3.72 per Mcf. Also, in the non-U.S. section, the metric declined to $10.17 per Mcf from $11.37. The figure also missed our estimate of $12.82 per Mcf.
The segment recorded a profit (excluding identified items) of $827 million, down from $1.4 billion recorded a year ago. The reported figure was also below our estimate of $953.7 million. The segment was affected by significantly weaker refining margins in the reported quarter, partially offset by cost savings and stronger North American margins.
This unit of ExxonMobil recorded a profit of $273 million (excluding identified items), lower than $785 million registered in the year-ago quarter. The reported figure missed our estimate of $748.5 million. The decrease was primarily due to weaker margins from higher feed, lower volumes, and higher costs from turnaround activity and advantaged project start-up costs.
This unit recorded a profit of $655 million (excluding identified items), down from $761 million recorded in the year-ago quarter. Our projection for the same was pegged at $693.5 million. The segment was affected by higher new market development and feed costs.
ExxonMobil generated a cash flow of $12.95 billion from operations and asset divestments. The company’s capital and exploration spending amounted to $5.94 billion.
Total cash and cash equivalents were $ 18.51 billion, and long-term debt totaled $ 32.82 billion.
Currently, XOM carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Investors interested in the energy sector may look at some better-ranked stocks like Archrock Inc. AROC, Kinder Morgan, Inc. KMI and Enterprise Products Partners L.P. EPD. While Archrock presently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Kinder Morgan and Enterprise Products carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) each. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Archrock is an energy infrastructure company based in the United States with a focus on midstream natural gas compression. AROC provides natural gas contract compression services and generates stable fee-based revenues.
Archrock’s earnings beat estimates in three of the trailing four quarters and met once, delivering an average surprise of 8.81%.
Kinder Morgan is a leading midstream player in North America with a stable and resilient business model, largely driven by take-or-pay contracts, which ensure consistent earnings and facilitate reliable capital returns to shareholders. KMI operates one of the largest natural gas pipeline networks, positioning it to benefit from the projected increase in U.S. natural gas demand by 2030.
Kinder Morgan’s earnings missed estimates in three of the trailing four quarters and met once, delivering an average negative surprise of 3.33%.
Enterprise generates stable fee-based revenues from its vast network of oil and gas pipelines spanning 50,000 miles, connecting prolific U.S. shale plays. Notably, the acquisition of Pinon Midstream, which aims to provide services in the prolific Permian Basin, is expected to drive the partnership’s cash flows. This move enhances its NGL value chain and addresses regional infrastructure constraints, with strong customer demand expected to boost revenues.
EPD’s earnings beat estimates in one of the trailing four quarters and missed in the other three, delivering an average negative surprise of 0.77%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Investors should focus on reliability when they look at high-yield investments.  You can find higher-yielding midstream players than Enterprise Products Partners.  It is hard to find midstream stocks that are more reliable than Enterprise.
Enbridge (ENB) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Exxon (XOM) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.15% and 1.22%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The e-commerce giant “has a massive advantage over UPS and FedEx” to make the initiative successful, one expert said.
Truist analyst Jordan Levy lowered the firm’s price target on Generac (GNRC) to $175 from $200 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Against the rapidly evolving tariff backdrop, Generac took more of a “wait and see” approach to its FY25 outlook, taking down the low-end of its guidance range to account for tariff-related margin impacts alongside demand hits resulting from incremental price increases, the firm says. While a more conservative outlook on HSB sales causes Truist to reduce its estima
The headline numbers for Exxon (XOM) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
They’re a financial cushion to meet your monthly payments. But what makes them mandatory?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio