Title: Here's What Key Metrics Tell Us About Exxon (XOM) Q1 Earnings
Date: 2025-05-02 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-key-metrics-tell-us-133019494.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil (XOM) reported $83.13 billion in revenue for the quarter ended March 2025, representing a year-over-year increase of 0.1%. EPS of $1.76 for the same period compares to $2.06 a year ago.
The reported revenue represents a surprise of -1.22% over the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $84.15 billion. With the consensus EPS estimate being $1.74, the EPS surprise was +1.15%.
While investors scrutinize revenue and earnings changes year-over-year and how they compare with Wall Street expectations to determine their next move, some key metrics always offer a more accurate picture of a company's financial health.
Since these metrics play a crucial role in driving the top- and bottom-line numbers, comparing them with the year-ago numbers and what analysts estimated about them helps investors better project a stock's price performance.
Here is how Exxon performed in the just reported quarter in terms of the metrics most widely monitored and projected by Wall Street analysts:
Oil-equivalent production per day: 4,551 KBOE/D versus the six-analyst average estimate of 4,570.89 KBOE/D.
Natural gas production available for sale per day - Europe: 331 Mcf/D versus the four-analyst average estimate of 347.38 Mcf/D.
Natural gas production available for sale per day - Africa: 118 Mcf/D compared to the 143.66 Mcf/D average estimate based on four analysts.
Natural gas production available for sale per day - Asia: 3,457 Mcf/D versus 3,279.76 Mcf/D estimated by four analysts on average.
Natural gas production available for sale per day - Australia / Oceania: 1,256 Mcf/D versus 1,259.92 Mcf/D estimated by four analysts on average.
Natural gas production available for sale per day - Total International (excl. U.S): 5,204 Mcf/D versus 5,096.44 Mcf/D estimated by four analysts on average.
Net production of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen and synthetic oil per day - Total International (excl. U.S): 1721 thousands of barrels of oil compared to the 1737.29 thousands of barrels of oil average estimate based on four analysts.
Refinery throughput per day - Total International (excl. U.S): 2021 thousands of barrels of oil compared to the 2035.36 thousands of barrels of oil average estimate based on four analysts.
Energy Products sales per day - Non-U.S. 2555 thousands of barrels of oil versus the four-analyst average estimate of 2611.71 thousands of barrels of oil.
Revenues- Sales and other operating revenue: $81.06 billion compared to the $84.12 billion average estimate based on four analysts. The reported number represents a change of +0.8% year over year.
Revenues- Other income: $703 million versus the three-analyst average estimate of $831.78 million.
Revenues- Income from equity affiliates: $1.37 billion versus the two-analyst average estimate of $1.17 billion. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -25.7%.
View all Key Company Metrics for Exxon here>>>Shares of Exxon have returned -5.9% over the past month versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -0.5% change. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), indicating that it could perform in line with the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Chevron (CVX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.40% and 2.15%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The arbitration case centres on the Stabroek block off the coast of Guyana.
Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings on Friday,
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
One type of business loan is more affordable but the other can be more convenient.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio