Title: Oil Falls as OPEC+ Weighs Another Major Production Increase
Date: 2025-05-02 19:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-set-weekly-loss-amid-093934683.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slumped as OPEC+ discussed making a second major production increase, inflaming concerns about swelling global supplies that have dragged down crude prices this year.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
West Texas Intermediate futures fell 1.6% to settle near $58 a barrel, down more than 7% for the week, with prices holding near the lowest since early 2021. Key OPEC+ nations are considering another production increase of about 400,000 barrels a day in June ahead of a meeting the group pushed forward two days to May 3.
Another aggressive supply boost from the cartel threatens to batter a market already pressured by soft Chinese demand and plentiful output from outside the group. The increase would be in line with figures previously telegraphed by the group and roughly matches last month’s shock hike, which was seen as a bid to discipline over-producing members.
“OPEC’s decision framework appears to be fueled by the persistent cheating, particularly from the likes of Iraq, Kazakhstan, Russia among others,” TD Cowen strategists including Dan Ghali and Bart Melek said in a note to clients. Inventories may increase by about 200 million barrels over the next three quarters, which could drop crude toward the low $50s, they wrote.
Brent prompt spread — the difference between its two nearest contracts — has narrowed to 36 cents a barrel in backwardation, compared with a gap of $1.07 four days ago. The narrowing spread signals expectations that near-term supplies will be readily available.
Crude has shed about 19% this year — and briefly touched a four-year low last month — as the Trump administration’s tariffs fan concerns that energy demand will fall.
The drop in prices is already showing signs of squeezing a key industry that US President Donald Trump pledged to help. Some of the biggest US shale-oil producers plan to slash about 4% of their drilling rigs by the end of the year. Chevron Corp. said on an earnings call on Friday that it would reduce share buybacks, citing a softening market.
The bearish OPEC+ development overshadowed earlier news that China is assessing the possibility of talks with the US that could ease the trade conflict between the two economic giants. The Wall Street Journal reported later that China had approached the Trump administration to ask what changes the US was seeking in relation to the production of precursor chemicals that are used to make fentanyl.
Limiting crude’s losses was Trump’s pledge to impose secondary sanctions on any nations or companies buying Iranian oil, ratcheting up pressure on Tehran as nuclear talks with Washington hit a snag. The vow follows a similar move in early March to place “secondary tariffs” on countries that obtain oil from Venezuela.
Top buyers of crude from the targeted nations, like China and India, are also the epicenters of the US-led trade war, meaning the indirect penalties may exacerbate economic strain from Beijing to New Delhi.
--With assistance from Jake Lloyd-Smith.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
Exxon Mobil and Chevron are pushing back on “shortsighted” investors and maintaining their growth plans even as they feud with each other.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil on Friday beat Wall Street's estimate for first-quarter profit as higher oil and gas production from Guyana and the Permian basin helped boost earnings.  The buyback figure puts Exxon on track to meet its annual share repurchase goal of $20 billion.  The energy sector has faced a tumultuous start to the year after U.S. President Donald Trump's global tariff announcements stoked recession fears.
(Bloomberg) -- The UK supermarket chain Co-op said hackers were able to access and extract customer data from one of its systems during a recent cyberattack.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter“The a
(Bloomberg) -- Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterEconomists see a darkening outlook for the US economy but are sticking by projections for two interest-rate cuts from the Federal Reserve this year.
The Wall Street bank expects the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies (OPEC+) to announce a 410,000-barrel-per-day (bpd) increase in supply for June in its meeting on Saturday, from its prior estimate of 140,000 bpd, according to a note.  The OPEC+ meeting was moved up to Saturday from the original plan of Monday, three sources told Reuters on Friday.
Chevron and Exxon reported high earnings even after Chevron said it would reduce it's share buybacks because of tumbling oil prices and a trade war. Meanwhile, Exxon is sticking with its's share buyback plans as it's earnings met analysts' estimates. Goldman Sachs Head of North American Natural Equity Research Neil Mehta has more on the story.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio