Title: Permian Basin Growth Fuels ExxonMobil’s Quarterly Success
Date: 2025-05-02 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/permian-basin-growth-fuels-exxonmobil-133000829.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
First-quarter earnings at ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) topped analyst estimates as higher production in the Permian and offshore Guyana offset part of the lower realizations due to falling oil prices.
Despite the lower earnings compared to a year ago, Exxon expressed confidence that the structural and cost-saving measures of the past few years have prepared it to weather the uncertain market environment.
Exxon reported on Friday first-quarter earnings of $7.7 billion, down from $8.2 billion in the first quarter of 2024. Earnings per share (EPS) slipped to $1.76 from $2.06, but beat the consensus estimate of $1.73.
The U.S. supermajor generated $13.0 billion in cash flow from operations in the first quarter, down from $14.7 billion for the same period of 2024.
First-quarter earnings were helped by production growth in the Permian and Guyana, additional structural cost savings, and favorable timing effects. These mostly offset lower earnings due to a significant decline in industry refining margins, weaker crude prices, lower base volumes from strategic divestments, and higher expenses from growth initiatives, Exxon said.
Upstream earnings increased by $1.1 billion from a year earlier to $6.8 billion, thanks to continued growth in the Permian and Guyana, as well as structural cost savings.
Exxon’s net production jumped by 20% to 4.6 million oil-equivalent barrels per day from Permian growth driven by the acquisition of Pioneer.
Earnings at the refining and chemicals businesses both fell from year earlier, due to weaker industry margins. However, Exxon’s worldwide refining earnings doubled from the fourth quarter, due to stronger North American industry refining margins driven by industry outages, favorable timing effects, and lower seasonal expenses.
Exxon’s shareholder distributions came in at $9.1 billion in the first quarter, including $4.3 billion of dividends and $4.8 billion of share repurchases, consistent with its annual $20 billion share-repurchase program through 2026.
“In this uncertain market, our shareholders can be confident in knowing that we’re built for this,” said Darren Woods, chairman and chief executive officer.
“The work we’ve done to transform our company over the past eight years positions us to excel in any environment.”
The other supermajor, Chevron, also reported its Q1 earnings today, meeting analyst expectations as its refining business returned to profit from a loss in the fourth quarter of 2024.
By Michael Kern for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
Shell Continues Share Buybacks After Strong Q1 Earnings
Indian Refiner BPCL Looks to Source Cheaper U.S. LPG in Swap Deal
Improved Refining Margins Help Chevron Meet Q1 Profit Estimates
Read this article on OilPrice.com
The headline numbers for Exxon (XOM) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Truist analyst Jordan Levy lowered the firm’s price target on Generac (GNRC) to $175 from $200 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Against the rapidly evolving tariff backdrop, Generac took more of a “wait and see” approach to its FY25 outlook, taking down the low-end of its guidance range to account for tariff-related margin impacts alongside demand hits resulting from incremental price increases, the firm says. While a more conservative outlook on HSB sales causes Truist to reduce its estima
Chevron Corp.&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;Mike Wirth says the oil and gas giant had a very strong quarter even though oil prices were flat. Wirth says the company is ramping up production in the Gulf of America and he expects to see great output. Wirth also says he's confident Chevron will be able to close the $53 billion deal to buy Hess Corp. He speaks to Bloomberg's Alix Steel.
Vice President JD Vance said the war in Ukraine is far from over during a Fox News interview, a day after the Trump administration signed a deal with Kyiv giving the U.S. access to its mineral wealth.
XOM Q1 earnings gain on production volume growth from its Guyana and Permian Basin resources. Revenues miss estimates due to lower crude price realizations.
Shell shares climbed Friday after the energy giant posted stronger-than-expected quarterly results and announced a $3.5 billion share buyback program.
(Bloomberg) -- Amazon.com Inc. said it’s bracing for a tougher business climate in the coming months, echoing concerns from a range of companies that tariffs and related economic turmoil could crimp consumer spending.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Co
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio