Title: Trump promises 'expedited' process for Nvidia's US supercomputer plans as Big Tech pledges top $1.6 
Date: 2025-04-15 17:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-promises-expedited-process-for-nvidias-us-supercomputer-plans-as-big-tech-pledges-top-16-trillion-173943856.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. President Trump on Tuesday again touted Nvidia’s $500 billion commitment to building AI infrastructure in the US, pledging to expedite the process for the chip giant and any other company planning big US investments. “This is very big and exciting news. All necessary permits will be expedited and quickly delivered to NVIDIA, as they will to all companies committing to be part of the Golden Age of America!” Trump said in a Truth Social post. Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration as the tech world tries to navigate the potential hazards of the president's trade war while staying on the right side of a malleable administration. Nvidia, for its part, did seem to make moves in US manufacturing partially due to Trump’s chaotic approach to trade policy, with on-again, off-again global tariffs affecting imports of AI servers containing its highly coveted GPUs, or graphics processing units. Asked about Trump’s tariffs at its annual GTC event in March, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said the company was "preparing, and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore." Huang reportedly attended a dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week, after which the Trump administration backed off new restrictions on the company's chip exports to China. Nvidia's moves are the latest in Big Tech's splashy announcements of plans to expand investments within the US. In February, Apple (AAPL) committed to investing $500 billion to expand its US manufacturing over the next four years. TSMC (TSM) — which makes the world's most advanced chips with most of its manufacturing capacity in Taiwan — has committed to spending $100 billion over a similar time frame. The company had previously committed $65 billion to building out its US manufacturing capabilities with funding from the 2022 Chips and Science Act. Just after Trump's inauguration, Oracle (ORCL), OpenAI (OPAI.PVT), and SoftBank (SFTBY) announced a joint venture called Stargate, which the companies said would spend $500 billion on US AI data centers. And after Trump's election, Microsoft (MSFT) said it would spend $80 billion to build AI data centers. The company said "more than half" of that total would be invested in the US. Apple's US-centric moves have landed in the spotlight again amid Trump's fluctuating tariff policies. Apple announced its $500 billion commitment just days after Trump said CEO Tim Cook promised him hundreds of millions of dollars in US investment and implied the pledge was due to his approach to trade policy. "They don't want to be in the tariffs," Trump said in February. However, it’s unclear how much of Apple’s commitment will be from new investments, given that the spending announced was in line with its prior capital expenditures. Nevertheless, Trump's relationship with Cook has weaved its way into tariff developments in the past several days. US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics, networking equipment, and computing products — including GPUs and servers — from reciprocal tariffs. That includes Trump's ever-ballooning 145% levies on China, where Apple still does most of its production. Trump boasted Monday that he "helped Tim Cook recently." "I don't want to hurt anybody, but the end result is we're going to get to the position of greatness for our country," he said. But Trump also set the stage to impose tariffs on semiconductors Tuesday — the Commerce Department opened a probe into computer chips under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which grants the president the authority to impose tariffs on imports seen as essential to national security. And he has promised that most electronics will still get wrapped up in his tariffs. "We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations," he posted Sunday. Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X @LauraBratton5. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance (Bloomberg) -- Federal workers who scoffed when they first received Elon Musk’s infamous “Fork in the Road” buyout initiative are taking different tack now that there is a second offer on the table: saying yes.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal One of the biggest two-day sell-offs in stock market history saw investors pile into the stock market earlier this month. (Bloomberg) -- Executives at the world’s biggest trade fair in China found themselves staring into the abyss as the seams of global commerce come apart.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingFor many visitors to the Canton Fair, held in the s WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg considered spinning off popular photo-sharing app Instagram in 2018 in anticipation of possible antitrust scrutiny, according to a document shown at a trial in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday. The document was shown during Zuckerberg's second day of testimony at the high-stakes trial, in which the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp. "I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," Zuckerberg said in a memo discussing potential strategies for how to reorganize the social media company's family of apps. PARIS (Reuters) -Nearly three dozen global pharmaceutical companies, in a letter to the head of the European Commission, demanded help to maintain operations in the EU despite threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, including measures to compensate them for the cost of pharmaceutical innovations, French business newspaper Les Echos reported on Tuesday. In the letter sent to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the companies -- including Pfizer, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca -- said they face cost disadvantages in Europe versus the United States, where drugs are sold at prices that on average are twice that of some European countries, such as France, Les Echos reported. Apple's main India suppliers Foxconn and Tata shipped nearly $2 billion worth of iPhones to the United States in March, an all-time high, as the U.S. company airlifted devices to bypass President Donald Trump's impending tariffs, customs data shows. The smartphone maker stepped up production in India and chartered cargo flights to ferry 600 tons of iPhones to the United States to ensure sufficient inventory in one of its biggest markets on concern Trump's tariffs would push up costs. Starbucks is imposing new limits on what its baristas can wear under their green aprons. Starbucks will give each employee two free T-shirts. Starbucks said the new dress code will make its green aprons stand out and create a sense of familiarity for customers. Tariffs on China imports by the Trump administration led to a collapse in trans-Pacific ocean freight bookings by U.S. importers. The post ‘Tariff shockwave’ leads to collapse in ocean container bookings appeared first on FreightWaves. When Brazil hiked trade barriers in its auto market over a decade ago, the government promised more local manufacturing, reliable jobs and better cars. As the U.S. auto industry confronts major tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump, executives and analysts are drawing parallels with Brazil, once the world's fourth-largest auto market and now a case study in the dangers of protectionism. Philipp Schiemer, former head of Mercedes-Benz in Brazil and Latin America, learned some of those lessons the hard way as he opened a plant in Sao Paulo making luxury cars, which was shut down in 2020. Comcast has been losing broadband subscribers to wireless giants such as AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon, which offer plans, bundling internet with high-speed mobile data services, that have proven to be popular with customers. The offer gives new Xfinity Internet customers plans starting at $55 a month, locked in for five years with no annual contract required. It also includes a free unlimited wireless line for one year. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
