Title: Nvidia, Broadcom Lead Oppenheimer's Top Chip Picks as Earnings Season Kicks Off
Date: 2025-04-15 18:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-broadcom-lead-oppenheimers-top-181220632.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. With earnings season on deck, Oppenheimer has called out several semiconductor stocks as its top picks, including Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA), Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL), and Monolithic Power Systems (NASDAQ:MPWR). Analyst Rick Schafer said in a note to clients that despite trade-related uncertainty and a challenging macro environment, artificial intelligence remains the strongest and most reliable growth driver for the sector. He noted that many chipmakers could see upside this quarter due to early ordering driven by tariff concerns. However, Schafer expects company outlooks to reflect ongoing trade war uncertainty and limited visibility into the second half of the year. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA. Nvidia, in particular, is expected to have sold roughly 40,000 NVL72 units during the quarter, despite a slow start. That comes as cloud service providers are still forecast to boost capital spending by 40% in 2025. While most chips are currently exempt from new tariffs under the Trump administration, Schafer warned that additional sector-specific duties may still be introduced. If so, that could dampen consumer demand for products like smartphones and PCs. Amid broader market volatility, Schafer also trimmed his price targets on several names, including Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI), Marvell, NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI), Veeco Instruments (NASDAQ:VECO), and Monolithic Power, citing valuation compression. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Stocks were already slumping in March on weakening consumer sentiment and fears of an economic slowdown, but major indexes plummeted in April on President Donald Trump's tariff plan, which has sent a near-unprecedented wave of uncertainty washing over the market. In the aftermath, a trade war with China has escalated, and while Trump's 90-day pause garnered cheers from the market, there is still plenty of uncertainty for business owners and investors. On that note, let's take a look two tech stocks that look like great buys after falling substantially. The Dow Jones and S&P 500 retreated Tuesday afternoon after rising earlier in the session. A rocket name surged on the stock market today. Sweetgreen, Inc. (SG) reachead $21.10 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +0.09% change compared to its last close. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […] We recently published a list of Top 10 Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cannae Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CNNE) stands against other top restaurant stocks to buy under $20. The Impact of Trump’s Tariffs on the Restaurant Industry Restaurant stocks are showing volatility amid […] Harrie Schippers will be succeeded by Brice Poplawski who will serve as SVP and CFO, effective June 2. Stocks are looking to extend their strongest weekly rally since late 2023. Right now, stocks are trading up — so it looks like investors think the tech tariffs are at least being pushed off into the future or maybe won’t happen at all. We recently published a list of Top 10 Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bloomin Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLMN) stands against other top restaurant stocks to buy under $20. The Impact of Trump’s Tariffs on the Restaurant Industry Restaurant stocks are showing volatility amid […] One major auto-industry tracker thinks President Donald Trump’s vision of purely U.S.-made cars is purely fantasy. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
