Title: 3 Top Tips for New Stock Investors
Date: 2025-03-25 15:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-top-tips-stock-investors-153200175.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Welcome to Episode #438 of the Zacks Market Edge Podcast.
Every week, host and Zacks stock strategist, Tracey Ryniec, will be joined by guests to discuss the hottest investing topics in stocks, bonds, and ETFs and how it impacts your life.
This week, Tracey has gone solo to share her top tips on stock investing for new stock investors.
This is an uncertain time for US stocks with the S&P 500 falling 10%, which is considered a correction. But there are some basics that every new investor should know.
Tip 1: Don’t Buy Stocks Under $1 as an Investment
Tip 2: You Don’t Need to Own 50 or 100 Stocks
Tip 3: Buy Companies that Make Money
Applying Tracey’s Tips to 5 Stocks
1. Opendoor Technologies Inc.OPEN
Opendoor is a digital platform for residential real estate. It’s a small cap company with a market cap of $868.2 million.
Shares of Opendoor have fallen 59.4% over the last year. It’s trading just above $1.00 at $1.22 but it’s 52-week low is $1.07. Opendoor has no forward P/E because it lost $0.37 a share last year and the 2025 Zacks Consensus Estimate is also negative, at a loss of $0.38.
A stock like Opendoor, trading at, or under. $1.00 looks attractive to new stock investors.
Should a new investor take a chance on a stock trading under a $1.50 like Opendoor?
2. Wayfair Inc. W
Wayfair is an online retailer which says it is the “destination for all things home.” The shares soared during the pandemic when everyone needed desks, lamps, and chairs to work and study from home.
But Wayfair’s shares have fallen 40.3% over the last year. It has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, as it’s expected to make $0.61 this year. Wayfair has a forward P/E of 55 which isn’t cheap. A forward P/E of 15 or under is considered a value stock.
However, Wayfair’s earnings are expected to rise 369% this year.
Should Wayfair be on your short list?
3. AppLovin Corp. APP
AppLovin is a marketing platform. In 2024, advertising revenue jumped 75%.
Shares of AppLovin have sold off in the last month. It’s down 17% during that time. But AppLovin’s 2025 earnings are expected to jump 52%. It now trades with a forward P/E of 45.7.
Should AppLovin be on your short list?
4. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. CMG
Chipotle Mexican Grill was a big pandemic winner. Shares are up 290% over the last 5 years. But in the last 3 months, Chipotle shares have fallen 20.3%.
Earnings are expected to grow 14.3%, but 12 estimates were cut for this year in the last 60 days. Chipotle now trades with a forward P/E of 37.9.
Is this a buying opportunity in Chipotle?
5. Halliburton Company (HAL)
Halliburton is a provider of products and services to the energy industry. Shares of Halliburton are down 34% over the last year.
The analysts are bearish. They’ve been cutting estimates. Halliburton’s earnings are expected to fall 12% in 2025. Halliburton is a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) stock.
What does the price and consensus chart tell us about Halliburton?
What Other Tidbits Does Tracey Share About Investing?
Tune into this week’s podcast to find out.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Opendoor Technologies Inc. (OPEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AppLovin Corporation (APP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Wayfair Inc. (W) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.