Why I Bought More of This Top Warren Buffett Dividend Stock During the Recent Stock Market Sell-Off
2025-04-12 07:28
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/12/bought-warren-buffett-dividend-stock-selloff/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=65f76402-8b43-434b-bf55-111547fdb9e5&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Key PointsThe stock market has sold off hard this year. The Nasdaq Composite recently entered bear market territory, tumbling more than 20% from its peak late last year, while the S&P 500 was heading in that direction. The culprit is a concern that tariffs could cause a recession. The silver lining to stock market sell-offs is that they enable investors to buy high-quality dividend stocks while they're on sale. One that I added to during the sell-off was Chevron (CVX -0.30%). The oil giant is one of the top holdings of Warren Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.B)(NYSE: BRK.A), which speaks volumes about its quality.Berkshire Hathaway currently owns about $250 billion of stocks. Chevron ranks as its fifth largest holding at 6.5% of its investment portfolio. Buffett's company owns 118.6 million shares (6.7% of Chevron's outstanding shares) worth about $16 billion. That's a larger position than Occidental Petroleum, which is Berkshire's seventh-largest holding at 3.9% of its investment portfolio. Buffett's company owns 264.9 million shares of Occidental (28.2% of its outstanding stock) worth over $10 billion. Buffett's Chevron position used to be a lot more valuable. However, shares of the oil company fell almost 20% during the recent stock market slump. That decline had driven the oil giant's dividend yield up to nearly 5%. Weighing on the oil stock has been a similar slide in crude prices. The global benchmark price of Brent oil has fallen about 20% this year to around $60 per barrel. Crude oil prices have crashed due to concerns that tariffs will slow the global economy, sapping the oil demand. While oil prices will have an impact on Chevron, it's in a better position to weather lower oil prices than most other oil producers. The company has an integrated business model (production, transportation, and refining operations), a global portfolio of low-cost resources, and a strong balance sheet. Chevron has stress-tested its business against lower oil prices. The company can generate enough cash flow from operations to cover its high-yielding dividend and the capital spending needed to maintain and grow its business at an average Brent oil price of $50 a barrel through 2027. Meanwhile, thanks to its strong balance sheet, Chevron has the capacity to repurchase shares at the low end of its $10 billion-$20 billion annual target range, which is enough to retire about 3% of its outstanding shares each year. At that rate, Chevron could increase its dividend per share by 3% annually without increasing its total cash outlay. The oil giant currently has an unbroken streak of 38 straight years of increasing its dividend payments. Because of that, it should continue supplying Buffett's company with more dividend income. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 155% for the S&P 500.They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025The company is investing heavily to grow its highest-margin production. That strategy puts it on track to add $10 billion to its annual free cash flow by 2026 (assuming $70 oil) and $9 billion at the current $60 Brent price. That surging free cash flow positions Chevron to buy back even more of its stock if crude remains at its current price. Meanwhile, there's additional upside potential if the company closes its needle-moving acquisition of Hess. Chevron agreed to buy the oil producer in late 2023 for $53 billion in stock. The deal will further upgrade and diversify Chevron's already advantaged global resources portfolio. It will also enhance and extend its production and free cash flow growth outlook into the 2030s. While Chevron has faced delays in closing the deal, it remains confident it will complete the transaction later this year.I capitalized on the recent stock market slump to add to my Chevron position. The company is in a strong spot to weather lower oil prices thanks to its low-cost operations and strong balance sheet. Meanwhile, with its free cash flow expected to rise even at the currently lower oil price point, Chevron should have plenty of fuel to continue increasing its high-yielding payout. These factors make the high-quality Buffett stock a great buy for dividend income amid the current market turmoil.  Before you buy stock in Chevron, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Chevron wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $495,226!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $679,900!*Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 155% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.See the 10 stocks ›*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025Matt DiLallo has positions in Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool recommends Occidental Petroleum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.Learn more ›Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.Stocks Mentioned*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.Related ArticlesMotley Fool ReturnsMarket-beating stocks from our flagship service.Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/14/2025.Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.About The Motley FoolOur ServicesAround the GlobeFree ToolsAffiliates & Friends