Title: The Dow soars 3,000 points as Trump suddenly hits pause on most tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 20-24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dow-futures-slump-750-points-121800891.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
U.S. market indexes shot up Wednesday afternoon after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
“Based on the fact that more than 75 Countries have called Representatives of the United States” to negotiate the tariffs, Trump posted on his Truth Social platform, “I have authorized a 90 day PAUSE, and a substantially lowered Reciprocal Tariff during this period, of 10% ... effective immediately.”
The tech-heavy Nasdaq ended the day up 1,857 points (12.2%). The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 2,963 points (7.9%) on the day, while the S&P climbed 474 points (9.5%).
In the same post, Trump announced that he was raising the tariff rate on China from 104% to 125% “effective immediately.”
China had announced retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports earlier in the day. The total levy implemented by Beijing, which went into effect at noon ET on Wednesday, comes out to 84%.
Trump wrote in his post that the decision to increase the tariffs on China was due to a “lack of respect that China has shown to the World’s Markets.”
He wrote, “At some point, hopefully in the near future, China will realize that the days of ripping off the U.S.A., and other Countries, is no longer sustainable or acceptable.”
China wasn’t alone in retaliating against Trump’s tariffs. The EU voted Wednesday morning to place tariffs on U.S. imports, including manufactured goods and farm products such as soybeans, according to the New York Times. The tariffs would range from 10% to 25% and would go into effect April 15.
The stock market’s sharp climb Wednesday comes after four straight days of losses. Stocks suffered a steep sell-off Tuesday, when the S&P 500 fell 1.6%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped nearly 1%, and the Nasdaq Composite slid 2.1%. Monday featured the highest trading volume in three years.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said Wednesday that the tariff pause was not in response to recent market volatility, according to a Bloomberg reporter.
Gold jumped 3% on Wednesday, typically a sign of investors moving to lower-risk assets.
Despite Wednesday’s rally, long-term fears remain. The constant whiplash on tariffs has led to volatility and uncertainty in the market.
Earlier Wednesday, Walmart (WMT) scrapped its first-quarter operating income guidance, citing a lack of long-term clarity around tariffs. Bloomberg reported that Amazon (AMZN) had started quietly canceling some wholesale orders from Asia.
A dramatic sell-off in government bonds pushed the 30-year yield above 4.75%, its highest level since February, as fears mounted that tariffs could fuel inflation rather than cool the economy.
“If Trump’s secret agenda is to crash the stock market to bring down long-term interest rates, the plan already failed,” economist Peter Schiff posted on X. “The plan to crash the stock market is now crashing the bond market too.”
Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday saying that many macro fund managers he’s spoken with wonder whether Trump “might be insane.”
Lee wrote that if tariffs stay in place for an extended period, it would result in the government effectively “freezing” the economy. Then, companies would be so pummeled by the tariffs that the “shock” to the economy would ripple, leading to a cascade of slowing economic activity and the very real risk of a recession.
A report from the U.S. Census Bureau on February’s wholesale trade sales and inventories is due Wednesday, which could provide clues about inventory buildups and downstream economic softness. Any signs of weakening wholesale activity could reinforce concerns about the economy’s resilience in the face of rising geopolitical tensions and delayed Fed rate cuts.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported its earnings Wednesday, forecasting second-quarter revenue to decline up to 2% or grow as much as 2% over last year. Analysts had expected growth of 1.9%. CEO Ed Bastian referred to Trump’s trade policies as “the wrong approach” and said bookings were down because of declining markets, decreased business travel, and a shrinking government workforce.
Bastian had previously said he expected 2025 to be the “best financial year in our history,” but that was before the market chaos of the past month.
Delta is seen as an early bellwether for first-quarter travel results. Its stock was up 21.7% on Wednesday but remains down 26% year-to-date.
—Kevin Williams contributed to this report.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Early retirement is different. Every retirement plan is based on a combination of goals, risks and personal budget. You want to build a portfolio for security, so you never need to worry about money again, while also generating the returns that you need to maintain your lifestyle. Often, this means restructuring your portfolio in retirement […] The post I’m 54 and Retiring Soon. How Should I Structure My $1.6 Million Portfolio? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
It might not be as much as you think.
Investing is a balancing act, and these high-risk investments could throw you off.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
