Title: Airlines’ Dreams of a Banner Year Are Clouded by Trade Battle
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 20-49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/aa324139-14a9-3c7b-ba5f-d8ce79fe4fb8/airlines%E2%80%99-dreams-of-a-banner.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Delta set aside a previously upbeat outlook, citing economic uncertainty and lackluster appetite for domestic leisure and business travel.
Delta Air Lines said its revenue growth has stalled due to broad uncertainty about global trade.  The Trump administration’s “across the board” approach to tariffs is complicating matters, according to Chief Executive Ed Bastian.  The U.S. economy is still in good shape, but there’s a danger a recession could become a self-fulfilling prophecy as big companies prepare for a potential downturn, Bastian said.
Delta Air Lines, which believed as recently as January that it was on track for its best financial year in company history, said Wednesday that disruptions in global trade have created such enormous uncertainty that it scratched its performance expectations for 2025.  Hours after Delta remove its guidance for the year, Walmart dropped the first quarter operating profit guidance it had provided to investors, citing tariff risks.  Delta is cutting its flight schedule in anticipation of a slowdown in spending as businesses and households brace for higher prices.
Medical supplies distributor McKesson is Wednesday's pick for IBD 50 Growth Stocks To Watch.  McKesson stock is off a recent high and back in a buy zone.  McKesson stores and distributes pharmaceuticals and wholesale medical supplies to pharmacies and hospitals.
Delta Air Lines pulled its full-year earnings guidance as the airline said growth has stalled due to economic uncertainty over global trade. "With broad economic uncertainty around global trade, growth has largely stalled," CEO Ed Bastian said.
Viasat launches advanced solution to enhance in-flight connectivity for airlines.
ICU Medical unveils a strategic plan to offset new U.S. tariffs, aiming to protect margins and stability amid medtech market volatility and global trade shifts.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Under $10 that Will Triple. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTLA) stands against other stocks under $10 that will triple. As we delve into the discussion on stocks that will triple, we must shed light on the […]
German online fashion retailer Zalando has acquired augmented reality company DeepAR, signalling a continued investment in its technological infrastructure to expedite the implementation of its ecosystem strategy.
RPM International's third-quarter fiscal 2025 results reflect tepid segmental performance mainly due to currency headwinds. Dive in to learn more.
PC shipments rose 4.9% in the first quarter of 2025, but looming tariffs and inflation threaten to derail the market's momentum.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
