Title: Delta Eyes $2B Q2 Profit Even as Domestic Travel Slows
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 20-14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-eyes-2b-q2-profit-201414205.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) is aiming for a rebound in the second quarter, forecasting pre-tax income between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, along with double-digit operating margins even as signs of a tougher economic backdrop weigh on domestic demand.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with DAL.
In its Q1 earnings call, CEO Ed Bastian reported pre-tax earnings of $382 million, or $0.46 per share, with revenue reaching $13 billion a 3.3% year-over-year increase and a record for the March quarter. Free cash flow came in at $1.3 billion, while operating margin stood at 5%.
Still, the airline noted challenges on the home front, particularly in Main Cabin and corporate bookings. International travel and high-margin areas like Premium and Loyalty remained strong, helping offset softer U.S. performance.
To protect margins, Delta plans to hold capacity flat in the second half of 2025 and trim domestic Main Cabin seat availability to match demand. Nonfuel unit costs rose 2.6% in Q1 but came in better than expected, according to CFO Dan Janki.
Delta also repaid $530 million in debt, with gross leverage now at 2.6 times. Management said international bookings especially for summer are looking solid, and spending from American Express partnerships rose 13% to $2 billion.
While analysts voiced concern about domestic weakness bleeding into international and premium markets, Delta leadership remained confident. They emphasized cost discipline and flexibility, acknowledging the uncertainty but standing by their strategy.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
The retailer says the “range of outcomes’” for operating income growth has widened and that it wants to maintain flexibility to “invest in price as tariffs are implemented.”
The world’s largest planemaker also booked 280 orders for a net total of 204 after adjusting for cancellations.  Airbus has warned that first-quarter deliveries would be constrained mainly by a shortage of engines from biggest supplier CFM, jointly owned by GE Aerospace and Safran, which brought forward some supplies to the previous quarter to help Airbus to meet 2024 targets.  The European planemaker is targeting 820 deliveries for the whole year.
DAL's first-quarter revenues increase 2.1% on a year-over-year basis.
Delta (DAL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 15% and 1.67%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
RPM International's third-quarter fiscal 2025 results reflect tepid segmental performance mainly due to currency headwinds. Dive in to learn more.
German online fashion retailer Zalando has acquired augmented reality company DeepAR, signalling a continued investment in its technological infrastructure to expedite the implementation of its ecosystem strategy.
Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) kicked off earnings season with a whimper, but the airline's relatively benign outlook was far better than some investors had anticipated.  The results provided a lift to the entire sector, with carriers including Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) up as much as 5.3% at the open.  The stocks gave back some of those gains as the morning continued, but Southwest was still up 2% as of 11 a.m. ET.
The drug met the primary endpoint of the HERCULES trial.
PC shipments rose 4.9% in the first quarter of 2025, but looming tariffs and inflation threaten to derail the market's momentum.
Burlington presents a strong long-term growth story with its strategic merchandising shift and aggressive store expansion.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
