Title: Construction Machinery Stocks Q1 Teardown: Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) Vs The Rest
Date: 2025-05-08 03:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/construction-machinery-stocks-q1-teardown-033232238.html?.tsrc=rss

The end of an earnings season can be a great time to discover new stocks and assess how companies are handling the current business environment. Let’s take a look at how Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) and the rest of the construction machinery stocks fared in Q1. Automation that increases efficiencies and connected equipment that collects analyzable data have been trending, creating new sales opportunities for construction machinery companies. On the other hand, construction machinery companies are at the whim of economic cycles. Interest rates, for example, can greatly impact the commercial and residential construction that drives demand for these companies’ offerings. The 4 construction machinery stocks we track reported a strong Q1. As a group, revenues missed analysts’ consensus estimates by 0.8%. Thankfully, share prices of the companies have been resilient as they are up 5.7% on average since the latest earnings results. With its iconic yellow machinery working on construction sites, Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) manufactures construction equipment like bulldozers, excavators, and parts and maintenance services. Caterpillar reported revenues of $14.25 billion, down 9.8% year on year. This print fell short of analysts’ expectations by 2.6%. Overall, it was a softer quarter for the company with a miss of analysts’ adjusted operating income and EPS estimates. "I'm proud of our global team's continued support of our customers and for delivering another quarter of solid results," said Chairman and CEO Jim Umpleby. Caterpillar delivered the weakest performance against analyst estimates and slowest revenue growth of the whole group. Interestingly, the stock is up 4.3% since reporting and currently trades at $320.30. Read our full report on Caterpillar here, it’s free. Inventing the first ever double-barrel hot-mix asphalt plant, Astec (NASDAQ:ASTE) provides machines and equipment for building roads, processing raw materials, and producing concrete. Astec reported revenues of $329.4 million, up 6.5% year on year, outperforming analysts’ expectations by 2.8%. The business had a stunning quarter with a solid beat of analysts’ EPS estimates and an impressive beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates. Astec delivered the biggest analyst estimates beat and fastest revenue growth among its peers. The market seems happy with the results as the stock is up 8% since reporting. It currently trades at $38.10. Is now the time to buy Astec?Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free. With humble beginnings as a dump truck company, Terex (NYSE:TEX) today manufactures lifting and material handling equipment designed to move and hoist heavy goods and materials. Terex reported revenues of $1.23 billion, down 4.9% year on year, falling short of analysts’ expectations by 1.3%. Still, it was a satisfactory quarter as it posted a solid beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates. Interestingly, the stock is up 7.2% since the results and currently trades at $38.96. Read our full analysis of Terex’s results here. Contracted by the United States Navy during WWII, Manitowoc (NYSE:MTW) provides cranes and lifting equipment. Manitowoc reported revenues of $470.9 million, down 4.9% year on year. This number lagged analysts' expectations by 2.3%. Aside from that, it was a strong quarter as it logged a solid beat of analysts’ backlog and EBITDA estimates. The stock is up 3.1% since reporting and currently trades at $8.56. Read our full, actionable report on Manitowoc here, it’s free. The Fed’s interest rate hikes throughout 2022 and 2023 have successfully cooled post-pandemic inflation, bringing it closer to the 2% target. Inflationary pressures have eased without tipping the economy into a recession, suggesting a soft landing. This stability, paired with recent rate cuts (0.5% in September 2024 and 0.25% in November 2024), fueled a strong year for the stock market in 2024. The markets surged further after Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November, with major indices reaching record highs in the days following the election. Still, questions remain about the direction of economic policy, as potential tariffs and corporate tax changes add uncertainty for 2025. Want to invest in winners with rock-solid fundamentals? Check out ourHidden Gem Stocksand add them to your watchlist. These companies are poised for growth regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Join Paid Stock Investor Research Help us make StockStory more helpful to investors like yourself. Join our paid user research session and receive a $50 Amazon gift card for your opinions.Sign up here. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since […] We recently published a list of Billionaire Chris Hohn’s 8 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited (NYSE:CP) stands against other Billionaire Chris Hohn’s stock picks with huge upside potential. The Children’s Investment Fund Management, also known as TCI Fund […] We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since the […] Alphabet shares plummeted 7% Wednesday after an Apple executive reportedly said the iPhone maker is looking to add AI-powered search options to its Safari browser. Monitor these major chart levels. TAIPEI (Reuters) -Taiwan's exports rose more than expected in April as customers stockpiled the island's high-tech products before any U.S. tariffs take effect, which could drive first-half exports to a new high.  Exports jumped 29.9% from the same month a year ago to $48.66 billion, the second-highest monthly figure on record, the Finance Ministry said on Thursday.  Taiwan firms such as TSMC,, the world's largest contract chipmaker, are major suppliers to Apple, Nvidia and other tech companies. FRANKFURT (Reuters) -Foreign workers accounted for much of the euro zone's economic growth since the pandemic and could help the bloc overcome the economic constraints of an ageing and shrinking labour market, a European Central Bank study concluded on Thursday.  Foreigners accounted for half of the bloc's labour force growth in the past three years, helping to alleviate labour shortages and starting to make a greater contribution in higher skills jobs, too, as their education levels are improving, the ECB said in a blog post.  "The influx of foreign workers in recent years has secured a robust growth in the euro area labour force, which has somewhat offset the negative demographic trends," the blog post, authored by some of the ECB's most senior economists, argued. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.