Caterpillar_ Q1 miss & record-high organic backlog growth
2025-04-30 14-07
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/caterpillar-q1-miss-record-high-140749060.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar (CAT) stock is fluctuating after the company missed Wall Street's estimates for its first quarter earnings and revenue, despite reporting a record $5 billion in organic backlog growth. Morning Brief hosts Madison Mills and Brad Smith break down the details of Caterpillar's recent declines and recent highs.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Shares of caterpillar, they are fluctuating here this morning as it's been oscillating between gains and losses, as right now it is flat, just barely to the downside after the company missed on earnings, but reported record organic backlog growth of $5 billion in the quarter. Shares, as you could see right now, they are sitting flat, just about 2/10 of a percent lower. Here's a look at the actuals versus the estimates here and it was a beat on revenue, slight miss on adjusted EPS, or excuse me, miss on revenue and EPS as my own kind of vision is calibrating here. One thing that my vision doesn't have to calibrate very much around is all of the parentheses around some of the segments and geographic region breakouts that the company puts within its earnings report. There were, and and that's not a good thing by the way, that just means that you saw a year over year decline, notably construction industries across every segment and every um region geographic region saw declines here in the US or North America rather, was down by 24%. And then additionally, in EMEA or the European region, that was down by 13%, Latin America 15%. Oh yeah, down 12% in Asia Pacific. What does it spell out? Not a great picture for one of the largest revenue contributors for the company here. But ultimately, one of the bright spots was energy and transportation, at least here in the North America segment there.
Yeah, tough headline numbers, when you look at that record backlog growth, that's what analysts are pointing out in their notes this morning, that $5 billion in organic backlog growth, meaning that future demand might be strong, which is a good indicator for a company that's obviously impacted by government spending on things like infrastructure that has obviously come down under this administration. And that may be why you're seeing these shares pop back and forth between the green and the red this morning. That backlog growth number, a potential positive in this print.
Vertex (VERX) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
LONDON (Reuters) -Unable to predict the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's ever-changing trade war, Stellantis and Mercedes-Benz became the latest automakers on Wednesday to scrap their profit guidance citing market uncertainty wrought by tariffs.  Volkswagen issued guidance at the bottom end of its forecast, but UBS analyst Patrick Hummel wrote in a client note that the German group's outlook did not "include any impact of U.S. tariffs," calling it "essentially a withdrawal of guidance".
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE:WHR) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in a […]
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Caterpillar estimates the Trump administration's tariffs will add $250 million to $350 million in additional costs this quarter.  "We'd like to see a little more clarity," said Joe Creed, who will become chief executive on Thursday.  Creed said the company is cutting back on discretionary spending and slowing some shipments of imported products that would face tariffs.
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Caterpillar earnings missed views. The Dow Jones earthmoving giant sees a Trump tariffs impact but also stuck to its 2025 sales forecast.
US M&A is having its slowest start to a year since 2023, while deal volume outside the US soars to its best result since 2022.
Home Depot, CME, Airbnb and Park Aerospace are included in this Analyst Blog.