Title: Is Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) the Best Dow Stock?
Date: 2025-05-08 14:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-inc-cat-best-dow-140655993.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofThe Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the US economy and carries great historical significance as well. It also acts as a reference point for analysts and investors. However, not all stocks within this elite group of companies perform equally. While some thrive on innovation and economic boom, others struggle due to various setbacks and economic trends. We decided to break down the index and find out the best and worst stocks, looking at what was making them perform unexpectedly this year. In order to come up with our ranking of the best and worst Dow stocks, we first assigned a rank to each stock based on the number of hedge funds holding the stock. We then looked at the short interest in each stock and assigned the top rank to the company with the least short interest. We then combined the two ranks to see which stock was the best on average. The list is in ascending order, with the best stock taking the number one spot. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 62 Short Interest as of Apr 30, 2025: 1.66% Caterpillar Inc. is a manufacturer and seller of mining and construction equipment, industrial gas turbines, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, and diesel-electric locomotives. Citing concerns over economic risks from increasing macro uncertainty and recent tariffs, UBS analyst Steven Fisher downgraded some major building materials and machinery stocks recently, including CAT. He downgraded the company from Neutral to Sell and mentioned that tariffs might lead to margin compression by potentially increasing costs and reducing demand. The analyst highlighted the risk by saying: “We think there’s more earnings downside for machinery companies related to macroeconomic headwinds that is not yet priced in, despite the pullbacks in the stocks to date.” As per the guidance, the management anticipates a slight decline in revenues and sales in 2025. Tariffs could add as much as $350 million to the company’s costs. CAT is known as an industry leader in profitability, with EBITDA margins maintaining around 15% even during downturns. The management has already stated in the Q1 earnings call that it is considering measures to reduce the impact of tariffs and maintain profitability. Overall, CATranks 27thon our list of best and worst Dow stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. We recently published a list of the 12 Best Mid-Cap Dividend Aristocrats to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UGI Corporation (NYSE:UGI) stands against other mid-cap dividend aristocrats. There’s a common misunderstanding that dividend payouts are mostly limited to large-cap companies, but mid-cap firms are often […] The Dow Jones rallied 200 points Thursday on Trump's 'major trade deal' with the U.K. Nvidia partner Arm stock plunged on earnings. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.