Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Apple, NVIDIA, Advanced Micro Devices, Amazon.com and Alphabet
Date: 2025-04-15 11:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-apple-nvidia-110800593.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Chicago, IL – April 15, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include Apple Inc AAPL, NVIDIA Corporation NVDA, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s AMD, Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN and Alphabet Inc. GOOGL. With new tariffs being imposed by President Donald Trump on Chinese goods at the beginning of April, Apple Inc and NVIDIA Corporation saw their stocks decline. However, the latest tariff relief has been a blessing in disguise for these tech behemoths, helping them prevent higher import costs and product price rises. This has prompted speculation on which stock to invest in. Let’s explore – President Trump’s steep tariffs on goods produced and imported from China could have disrupted Apple’s supply chains as severely as during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, Apple breathed a sigh of relief after the Trump administration exempted electronic devices like smartphones and computers from reciprocal tariffs. Before the tariff exemption, Apple planned to increase iPhone production in India, which is subject to lower levies, while also securing its supply chain. Apple intends to produce over 30 million iPhones in India, satisfying a significant portion of American demand, which constitutes a third of global demand. However, Apple is manufacturing its upcoming iPhone 17 in China, which will be launched soon. Shifting the production base to India or another location in a short time will require a herculean effort. It may also lead to retaliation from China, which has set up inquiries into U.S. companies and may create difficulties for Apple through its customs processes. A complete breakup from China would be improbable as Apple produces the bulk of its iPhones in China, and there is a dearth of required skills to manufacture iPhones in the United States at the moment. Instead, Apple argued that the United States should boost semiconductor production and revive high-value job opportunities. However, the tariff relief is temporary, and if no breakthrough occurs soon, it may impact Apple’s near-term profitability. President Trump said that relying on China for vital tech goods like smartphones and semiconductors isn’t acceptable. If tariffs are imposed, iPhone prices will rise, impacting American consumers and Apple’s sales volume. Anyhow, some tariffs still apply to goods imported from China and there may be sectoral tariffs on goods that have semiconductors, which can further affect Apple’s stagnating revenues. Given the supply-chain risks, stagnant revenues and tariff uncertainties, Apple isn’t a favorable stock choice currently. Moreover, according to the price/earnings (P/E) ratio, Apple stock trades at 27.4X forward earnings. In comparison, the Computer - Micro Computers industry’s forward earnings multiple is 26.05. The Apple stock, therefore, is overvalued and may plummet if tariff issues remain unresolved. Like Apple, NVIDIA too got a momentary relief from Trump’s tariffs. This is because certain critical chips used by NVIDIA and produced in China were exempted. Now, there is a 90-day pause in tariffs, but the outcome depends on how the negotiations between the United States and its trade partners unfold. So, an element of ambiguity persists. However, NVIDIA remains the preferred stock to buy during these times of distress. With graphic processing units (GPUs) continuing to gain popularity at a breakneck speed and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure spending increasing, NVIDIA’s long-term future looks brighter. Lest we forget, Apple faces tough competition across all segments, economic challenges, and regulatory hazards, affecting its long-term outlook. Coming back to NVIDIA, the company is experiencing high demand for new Blackwell and older Hopper chips because of their superior AI interfaces compared to competitors. The company’s CUDA software platform is in more demand among developers than Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s ROCm software platform. Major cloud computing companies like Amazon.com, Inc. and Alphabet Inc. are also spending billions of dollars on AI data center infrastructure, which could benefit NVIDIA (read more: Which AI Stock, NVIDIA or Broadcom, Is the Better Bargain to Buy?). NVIDIA stock is currently more affordable than its competitors, with a forward P/E ratio of 25.18 compared to the Semiconductor - General industry’s 28.4X forward earnings multiple. This leads to NVIDIA having a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) at present, whereas Apple has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here. Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year. Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation. See Stocks Free >> Note: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Previewreports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>> Media Contact Zacks Investment Research 800-767-3771 ext. 9339 support@zacks.com https://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research You must keep up on Warren Buffett stocks: The Berkshire Hathaway chief sticks to a winning investing formula, but he does not sit still. In the most recent trading session, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) closed at $94.50, indicating a +1.18% shift from the previous trading day. The move will mark a shift from the company’s prior exclusive reliance on synthetic data for training AI models. Customers in the U.S. are racing to buy iPhones before potential price increases. The world’s largest company, Apple, can again boast a market cap of above $3 trillion after President Trump exempted tariffs on its best-selling products, the iPhone. Apple shares closed 2.2% higher on Monday, bringing its market value to $3.042 trillion. Late Friday, the Trump administration said technology goods like smartphones and PCs were going to be exempted from tariffs on China. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies. Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
