Title: Breaking News_ Apple Foldable iPhone Will Feature Only Samsung OLEDs
Date: 2025-04-15 16:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/breaking-news-apple-foldable-iphone-160742680.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. April 15 - Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has reportedly chosen Samsung Display as the exclusive supplier of OLED screens for its first foldable iPhone, expected to debut in the second half of 2025. The move sidelines competitors such as LG Display and China's BOE, highlighting Samsung Electronics' (SSNLF) dominance in foldable OLED tech. Samsung's ability to minimize screen creasesa key flaw in current foldableswas said to be a major factor in the decision, the report said. Mass production is expected to begin later this year or in early 2025. The foldable device is rumored to feature a 7.8-inch internal OLED screen, similar in size to the iPad Mini, and a 5.5-inch external display. The price could land near $2,000, putting it in direct competition with Samsung's own Galaxy Z Fold. The production volume is still under discussion, but industry insiders suggest Apple may exceed its initial target of 9 million units, potentially reaching over 15 million. The deal could help Samsung make up for its loss of foldable OLED market share last year that dropped to around 40% and reach 70% in 2025 as demand for the technology soars and competition dwindles, analysts say. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. “Apple (AAPL) continues to dominate” when it comes to serving and exciting customers, Andy Swan, the co-founder of LikeFolio told Schwab Network recently. Swan predicted that the tech giant would launch “an incredible consumer product within the next couple of years,” adding that “we’re very bullish on Apple over the long term.” Signs of Strength […] Apple's main India suppliers Foxconn and Tata shipped nearly $2 billion worth of iPhones to the United States in March, an all-time high, as the U.S. company airlifted devices to bypass President Donald Trump's impending tariffs, customs data shows. The smartphone maker stepped up production in India and chartered cargo flights to ferry 600 tons of iPhones to the United States to ensure sufficient inventory in one of its biggest markets on concern Trump's tariffs would push up costs. BRUSSELS (Reuters) -A German media company has complained to EU antitrust regulators following Alphabet unit Google's crackdown against companies gaming its search algorithm to push up rankings for other sites. In its complaint to the European Commission, Hamburg-based ActMeraki, until recently called Meraki Group GmbH, urged immediate action against the policy, saying it penalises websites. Launched in March last year, Google's site reputation abuse policy targets the practice of publishing third-party pages on a site in an attempt to abuse search rankings by taking advantage of the host site's ranking signals, commonly referred to as parasite SEO. Apple shares wavered between gains and losses in early trading Tuesday after posting gains Monday on the Trump administration’s decision to temporarily exempt many electronic goods from import tariffs. This popular candy brand launched an unexpected snack that might be even better than the original. Speaking on CNBC recently, Chris Caso, a senior analyst at Wolfe Research, said that “the AI space and tariffs in particular are… the best places to hide right now.” More of Caso’s Comments on NVDA Nvidia’s valuation is attractive, and the tech giant’s recently announced decision to manufacture its upcoming chips at Taiwan Semi’s (TSM) […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
