Title: How to invest in Nvidia successfully during Trump tariff turmoil
Date: 2025-04-16 16:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/how-to-invest-in-nvidia-successfully-during-trump-tariff-turmoil-160535638.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid onApple Podcasts,Spotify,YouTubeor wherever you find your favorite podcasts.
Not too long ago, Nvidia (NVDA) seemed unstoppable.
If recent market woes and the Nvidia pullback have investors down, they should consider the bigger picture, according to Lawrence "Larry" McDonald, founder ofthe Bear Traps Report.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he told Yahoo Finance Executive EditorBrian Sozzifor an episode of theOpening Bidpodcast (see the video above or listen below).
He added that Nvidia's forecasts include $3 trillion in growth and that copper has a bright future related to it. "If you really, really listen to Jensen [Huang] and the Nvidia gods, the only way they get to their growth trajectory is with a lot more copper."
"If you look at the copper or oil names, they're down 30, sometimes, 25% off the highs," he said. "The future looks great for them because the valuation setup is so skewed."
McDonald is no stranger to helping the average investor through turbulent market moments.
Among other things, the Bear Traps Reportaims to demystify political policy risk for investors and related investment strategies. McDonald is also the author of two books, including 2024's "How to Listen When Markets Speak."
Plenty of speculation and concern had gripped investors related to Trump's tariffs and their impact on technology. Markets have responded accordingly.
Read more:The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
The boost to 145% tariffs earlier this month on Chinese goods resulted in consumers bracing for sticker-shock prices on items such as iPhones. Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL)reportedly flew$2 billion worth of iPhones from India in March just before the first round of tariffs took hold.
Nvidia had to take a $5.5 billion chargethis week because of fresh restrictions on its AI chip exports to China.
In an April 10 note, Citi analystAtif Malikmaintained a Buy rating on Nvidia but lowered estimates "to align with our revised hyperscaler capex model of +35%/+15% spend reflecting mostly lower Microsoft capex concerns and higher risk of pause in enterprise investments amid uncertainty around the global economy due to ongoing trade war," he wrote.
McDonald said despite his interest in copper as a way to play AI, Nvidia remains poised for AI greatness. It may just take a bit for the stock to work higher again.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he said.
McDonald also noted that there are many ETF opportunities for investors looking to get into the space. "You're investing in a basket of companies that are going to power AI for the next 30 years," he said.
Three times each week, Yahoo Finance Executive EditorBrian Sozzifields insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets onOpening Bid. You can find more episodes on ourvideo hubor watch on yourpreferred streaming service.
Grace Williamsis a writer for Yahoo Finance.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
BJ's (BJ) might move higher on growing optimism about its earnings prospects, which is reflected by its upgrade to a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […]
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized in federal court on Wednesday that he bought Instagram and WhatsApp because he saw value in the companies — not to take out competitors, as the Federal Trade Commission alleges in a historic antitrust trial.  Zuckerberg took the stand for the third day in the trial, wrapping up his testimony as the first witness Wednesday afternoon.  Hansen focused some of his questioning on emails sent by Zuckerberg and his associates that the FTC cited in earlier testimony to illustrate the Facebook founder's alarm over the growth of Instagram and his sense that he needed to neutralize its threat.
Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.  Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
Chinese online marketplace Temu and fast-fashion retailer Shein, two of the biggest advertisers on U.S. social media, are sharply cutting their U.S. digital ad spending, industry data show, in a blow to tech companies such as Meta's Facebook and YouTube.  The online retailers, both of which ship low-priced China-made goods direct to U.S. shoppers, had been on an ad spree until recently, targeting younger, thriftier shoppers in digital media.  U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order earlier this month threatens this business.
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shares fell more than 7% on Wednesday morning, after the company disclosed new export restrictions on its artificial intelligence (AI) chips.  Specifically, the company must now obtain licenses from the U.S. government to sell its H20 processors in China.  Nvidia stock now has plummeted 30% from the record high it reached in January.
“I don’t own Nvidia (NVDA), but this is the first time I’m really starting to look at (Nvidia)” stock, prominent CNBC contributor Stephanie Link said on the channel today. Link suggested that NVDA would rebound significantly over the longer term, and she noted that she had been buying more shares of one of NVDA’s rivals, […]
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
Toronto-Dominion Bank (NYSE: TD) has a 5% dividend yield.  Realty Income's (NYSE: O) yield is 5.7%.  There was a large fine, the company is upgrading its internal controls, and TD Bank, as it is more commonly known, is operating under an asset cap in the U.S. The asset cap is the big problem because it basically means TD Bank can't expand its U.S. business until regulators are convinced the money laundering issue is in the past.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.