Title: Apple to begin on-device data analysis to enhance AI
Date: 2025-04-15 11:19
URL: https://www.verdict.co.uk/apple-to-begin-on-device-data-analysis/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The move will mark a shift from the company’s prior exclusive reliance on synthetic data for training AI models. Apple is preparing to implement a new system that will analyse user data directly on its devices, aiming to strengthen AI capabilities without compromising privacy, Bloomberg has reported. The move will mark a shift from the company’s prior exclusive reliance on synthetic data for training AI models, which can sometimes fall short of accurately representing real-world user behaviour. The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more The upcoming change targets limitations in Apple’s current approach, where synthetic data—designed to mimic real inputs without containing personal information—fails to fully capture the complexity of actual user interactions. The new system, by contrast, will use anonymised samples of user emails from Apple’s Mail app on iPhone, iPad, and Mac to validate the quality of synthetic datasets. Apple said this process will help it refine features within its Apple Intelligence platform, such as notification summaries, Writing Tools synthesis, and message recaps, without transmitting personal data off the device. In a blog post, the company said: “When creating synthetic data, our goal is to produce synthetic sentences or emails that are similar enough in topic or style to the real thing to help improve our models for summarisation, but without Apple collecting emails from the device.” Apple Intelligence, launched in 2024, is built on large language models, a foundational technology in modern AI. In addition to synthetic data, Apple has used licensed third-party data and information from publicly available online sources to train these models. However, the limitations of synthetic data have reportedly led to shortcomings in the system’s performance, including inaccurate summaries and misrepresented content in notifications. The new data analysis system will be introduced in beta versions of iOS and iPadOS 18.5 and macOS 15.5. Apple also confirmed it is expanding its use of privacy-preserving techniques to enhance other features within Apple Intelligence. These include Image Playground, Image Wand, Memories Creation, and Visual Intelligence. One such method, differential privacy, has already been employed to improve the Genmoji feature, which allows users to create custom emojis. Differential privacy enables the identification of common user prompts while mathematically safeguarding individual data points. The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Thematic Take (monthly) I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with Privacy Policy View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. Decrypting the latest technology news Powered by © Verdict Media Limited 2025 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation, personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services. Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere. We use necessary cookies to make our site work. Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions. We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website. By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.
