Title: Meta antitrust trial: What this former FTC commissioner expects
Date: 2025-04-15 14:08:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/meta-antitrust-trial-former-ftc-140835787.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Mark Zuckerberg defended Meta's (META)past acquisitions in court,arguing Instagram and WhatsApp strengthened competition rather than stifled it. Mozelle Thompson, former FTC commissioner and former Facebook Advisory Board member, joins Morning Brief to break down how the FTC is framing Meta's moves as monopolistic and what the outcome could mean. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Briefhere. As we're continuing to watch this play out with Zuckerberg and the FTC, what is the reality of what this outcome could look like and how Facebook once again, or Meta platforms rather, is once again in the position of defending an acquisition of a company that was way, way smaller back then at that time. I'm glad that you raised that, you know, um, we all seem to forget at the time that they acquired uh, uh, uh, Instagram. Instagram was 20 people and they paid a billion dollars for it and everybody thought they were crazy. So, um, that was a very interesting time. You know, it's interesting, the government has framed this as the, um, that Meta bought Instagram and WhatsApp in order to eliminate competition and because of that, that those products have become worse for consumers than they could have been and that the actual market is actually uh the personal social networking, which is among friends. Meta, on the other hand has a different version or a different view of what the market is and what they were doing. They said it was strategic, those products have become better, they still remain free and that the market is actually much bigger. Friends actually are a very small part of what these apps do and what the market is and the market is actually much broader in terms of competition with companies like TikTok and, uh, and X, and YouTube and those provide the real competitive marketplace. So it's interesting that we're also looking at these transactions not only what what they were thinking then, that's not only Meta, but also what the US government was thinking then, but what they what has actually happened since then, 10 years, over 10 years is a very long time. Mhm. Well, it's interesting Moselle because you mentioned TikTok, X, YouTube, all competition, but given how similar to the end consumer that those platforms look to some of the meta platforms, is that argument going to be enough that that competition still exists outside of meta? Well, I think that it it it is pretty real, you know, one of the things that that I I have found interesting in the framing yesterday is that, um, the FTC says that the market uh, uh is actually smaller uh than it really is, that if you look at the broader market, Meta only controls sev 30% of that market. You have all these other companies out there and I think if you look at it from an advertising space, most advertisers view that market is the larger market. They want to figure out how to get to all of those different segments within the marketplace. Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table. J.B. Hunt Transport Services’ first-quarter earnings result came in ahead of recently lowered forecasts. The post First Look: J.B. Hunt Q1 earnings appeared first on FreightWaves. Meta Platforms (META) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. United (UAL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 21.33% and 0.08%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? The FTC wanted $30 billion to drop its case. Zuckerberg offered much less and hoped Trump would back him up. The airline offered two sets of profit guidance depending on whether the U.S. enters a recession or not as it reported quarterly results that beat Wall Street expectations. United Airlines offered two sets of profit guidance Tuesday depending on whether the U.S. enters a recession or not. "The company's outlook is dependent on the macro environment which the company believes is impossible to predict this year with any degree of confidence," United said in an investor update. United Airlines beat expectations for first quarter profit but plans on capacity cuts starting in the third quarter based on demand trends. The headline numbers for United (UAL) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.