How Should You Play UnitedHealth Stock Going Into Q1 Earnings_
2025-04-14 11-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/play-unitedhealth-stock-going-q1-112500462.html?.tsrc=rss
UnitedHealth Group IncorporatedUNH is set to report first-quarter 2025 results on April 17, 2025, before the opening bell. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the to-be-reported quarter’s earnings is currently pegged at $7.27 per shareon revenues of $111.01 billion.
See the ZacksEarnings Calendarto stay ahead of market-making news.
First-quarter earnings estimates have remained stable over the past week. The bottom-line projection indicates an increase of 5.2% from the year-ago reported number. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for quarterly revenues suggests year-over-year growth of 11.2%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
For the current year, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for UnitedHealth’s revenues is pegged at $451.24 billion, implying a rise of 12.7% year over year. Also, the consensus mark for current-year earnings per share is pegged at $29.73, implying a jump of around 7.5% on a year-over-year basis.
UnitedHealthhas a robust history of surpassing earnings estimates, beating the consensus estimate in each of the last four quarters, with the average surprise being 2.5%. This is depicted in the figure below.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated price-eps-surprise | UnitedHealth Group Incorporated Quote
However, our proven model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for the company this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat, but that’s not the case here.
UNH has an Earnings ESP of 0.00% and a Zacks Rank #2. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
UnitedHealth's first-quarter earnings are expected to have benefited fromhigher premiums, driven by the expansion of its domestic commercial membership base. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for premium revenues for the first quarter indicates 11.5% year-over-year growth, whereas our model estimate suggests a nearly 9% increase. Higher contributions from both Optum Health and UnitedHealthcare divisions are expected to have supported premium growth.
UNH's first-quarter top-line performance is expected to have been enhanced by a rise inservice revenuesfrom the Optum brand. Both the consensus estimate and our model estimate imply a nearly 10% jump in service revenues. Similarly, the Zacks Consensus Estimate forproduct revenuesindicates an almost 12% increase.