Jim Cramer Calls UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) a Universal Buy – “The Only Gimme”
2025-04-15 17-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-calls-unitedhealth-group-172658143.html?.tsrc=rss
We recently published a list ofJim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing to earnings reports from major banks.
“Rumor, innuendo, intrigue these are the stuff of great novels, of fabulous miniseries, riveting plays, and now they’re the stuff of the stock market.”
READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocksand10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.
He noted the chaotic nature of the current environment and remarked that “this tape has it all,” and emphasized how unpredictable developments from the White House have added to the turbulence. Cramer noted that information is being released constantly, through press conferences, posts on Truth Social, or casual remarks, and that each has the potential to move vast sums of money across asset classes.
“Trillions of dollars in and out of bonds, of currency, of gold, of crypto,” he said, all based on impulsive statements. He pointed out the sheer volume of contradictions in the news cycle and stressed, “Except this isn’t an eight-part blockbuster, it’s our money.” Cramer lamented how even social media activity, like tweets, can trigger massive swings in the markets. He noted that Friday’s market action felt like it was shaped entirely by this dynamic.
Cramer questioned whether the market might be in the process of forming what he called a “liberation day bottom,” a moment when selling pressure finally ends because investors feel that all the bad news is out. But he acknowledged the uncertainty of that theory as he said, “Not sure, I’m just not sure.” He added:
“Have you ever noticed the weekends don’t provide relaxation anymore because the president’s got advisors? He’s got to put people out. He wants to tweet. He’s got meetings. No relaxation time, no downtime…. Monday’s trading, well, let’s just say that it looks like that it’s earning season so it’s gonna be even harder than usual.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 15 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).