Airline Stock Roundup_ DAL's Q1 Earnings Report & JBLU, VLRS in Focus
2025-04-14 15-46
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/airline-stock-roundup-dals-q1-154600471.html?.tsrc=rss
On April 9,Delta Air LinesDAL reported better-than-expected revenues and earnings per share for the first quarter of 2025 despite the tariff-induced uncertainty. Given the current uncertain scenario, DAL decided against reaffirming its 2025 financial guidance.
JetBlue AirwaysJBLU was also in the news due to its decision to add two nonstop routes to expand its service at Fort Lauderdale. Mexican carrierControladora Vuela Compañía de AviaciónVLRS or Volaris reported a year-over-year increase in revenue passenger miles (RPMs: a measure of air traffic) for March.
Driven by the increase in international operations, Latin American carrierLATAM Airlines GroupLTM reported a year-over-year increase in revenue passenger-kilometers (RPK: a measure of air traffic) for March. Alaska Airlines, a wholly owned subsidiary ofAlaska Air GroupALK, was also in the news due to its decision to invest in Loft Dynamics, a company specializing in virtual flight training. Through this move, Alaska Air aims to revolutionize pilot training.
Read the last Airline Roundup here.
1.  Delta reported first-quarter 2025 earnings (excluding 9 cents from non-recurring items) of 46 cents per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 40 cents. Earnings increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis due to low fuel costs. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.04 billion, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $13.81 billion and increasing 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating revenues (excluding third-party refinery sales) increased 3.3% year over year to $13 billion.
Delta expects second-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share in the $1.7-$2.3 range. The adjusted operating margin is expected in the 11-14% band. Revenues on an adjusted basis are expected to be down 2% to up 2% year over year.
DAL currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
2. In response to customer demand, JetBlue has decided to resume service between Fort Lauderdale and Philadelphia and between Fort Lauderdale and Guayaquil, Ecuador, beginning this summer. Flights connecting Fort Lauderdale and Philadelphia will operate twice daily from July 3. Meanwhile, flights between Fort Lauderdale and Guayaquil will operate once a day from July 17. Flights on both routes will be operated by JetBlue’s Airbus A320 aircraft, equipped with all modern facilities.
These new routes build on JetBlue’s continued investment in South Florida, where the low-cost airline has increased departures by 6% year over year. The resumption of the two routes highlights JetBlue’s commitment to meeting customer demand and seizing strategic opportunities. These routes were paused during a broader network optimization.