Title: Trump tariffs: Corona maker CEO weighs in on aluminum can and wine levies, immigration
Date: 2025-04-11 16:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariffs-corona-maker-ceo-weighs-in-on-aluminum-can-and-wine-levies-immigration-164333781.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Beer giant Constellation Brands (STZ) is taking multiple hits from the Trump administration.
"Well, the consumer is concerned about a number of things ... The pricing and costs of things, inflation. They're concerned about immigration, particularly consumers that have had friends or family who have been involved with issues around immigration. How that's translating is that people are spending less. They're out less in restaurants. They're spending less on consumer goods and consumables," Constellation Brands CEO Bill Newlands said on Yahoo Finance'sCatalysts.
Newlands added, "Fortunately, beer is pretty far down the list, but there's an overall concern in that [Hispanic] community. Less social gatherings ... Those are beer moments. So for us, that creates a bit of a challenge."
Constellation Brands is the maker of popular beers Corona and Modelo. The company's earnings this week shed light on its challenges.
The company guided to fiscal year earnings of $12.60 to $12.90 a share, well below analyst estimates of $13.97 a share. The weak guidance reflects the impact of tariffs and sluggish consumer spending.
The company sees mid-single-digit to low-double-digit EPS growth in FY27. In FY28, it anticipates low-single-digit to mid-single-digit EPS growth. Previously, the company modeled for low-double-digit EPS growth for both fiscal years.
While Trump has put a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs, the abatement doesn't apply to sector-specific duties. The 25% tariff on imported canned beer and empty aluminum cans that went into effect on April 4 remains in place.
Constellation imports all of its beer from Mexico. Its beer portfolio, which also includes Pacifico, accounted for 78% of the company’s net sales during the quarter.
"To be fair, 4Q25 results were mixed (beer top-line/depletions missing, but with robust margin delivery), and FY26 guidance was well-below our estimates across beer and wine and spirits as the current macro landscape exacerbates an already soft demand environment. However, FY26 beer growth expectations appear prudent (+0-3% on the top line)," said Deutsche Bank analyst Steve Powers in a research note this week.
"Moreover, with respect to tariffs, the company's outlook for its Mexican import beer portfolio and wine & spirits (the latter of which has sizeable exposure to Canada, Australia, and New Zealand) embeds expected cost headwinds from announced tariffs by the US from last week (which have seemingly been deferred at least in part until July as of today)."
Newlands says he is pushing forward with $2 billion in investment in a new beer plant in Veracruz, Mexico.
When asked why not build the plant in the US, Newlands said it's about brand authenticity.
"First of all, while we're an American company, we're invested in Mexico because we are selling authentic Mexican brands. And the same way that you're not making champagne in the United States or you're not making tequila in the United States, or you're not making New Zealand Sauvignon blanc in the United States, we're not going to be making Mexican beer in the United States," Newlands explained.
"But don't forget, we have invested $1 billion a year for the last several years in the United States supporting our business. We support thousands and hundreds of thousands of jobs in the US through Teamsters, through our distributors, through our retail network."
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy
HEINY vs. DEO: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
Even as consumer sentiment plunges, spending data shows resilience, JPMorgan Chase says.
BioNTech (BNTX) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock suggests that there could be more strength down the road.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.