Title: McDonald’s (MCD) Doubles Down on Value as Consumers Cut Spending
Date: 2025-05-06 14:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonald-mcd-doubles-down-value-143637931.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
McDonald’s (MCD) Q1 earnings results suggest consumers are laying off Big Macs amid economic uncertainty. The world’s most recognizable fast-food chain, with over 43,000 locations in more than 100 countries, reported a 3% drop in both revenue and operating income. McDonald’s remains a rather consumer-friendly stock that stays buoyant in troubled times, and so the food giant’s stock sell-off didn’t last long.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
To be fair, the fast food giant missed revenue only narrowly ($5.96 billion versus $6.09 billion expected). It was most surprising that its U.S. same-store sales fell 3.6% during the first quarter, marking the worst performance since the pandemic. Of course, McDonald’s is no stranger to economic challenges, and recent initiatives make me bullish on the stock regardless of what the economy has in store in the short term. The stock is down only 1% since McDonald’s published its quarterly results.
What’s most interesting about McDonald’s most recent result is what it implies about the overall economy. Low-income consumers are the first to pull back in trying times. It appears the “other domino” has fallen. McDonald’s also saw its middle-income consumers pull back in the first quarter, implying that economic pressure has broadened beyond the most disadvantaged.
Granted, this is a sector-wide challenge, although McDonald’s is particularly vulnerable as its customer base skews more heavily toward budget-conscious diners. While higher-income diners maintained traffic, they did not make up enough of McDonald’s customer mix to balance any losses from other segments. Global comparable sales decreased 1%. So, it’s not just the U.S. that is dealing with hardships. Europe, for instance, is amid an inflationary cycle.
Interestingly, McDonald’s digital ordering channels were more stable than its in-restaurant numbers. Mobile app orders declined by only 0.8% year-over-year. The company launched its mobile app in 2015, and it remains a popular food app today.
McDonald’s is always full of ideas and has a plan to deal with tough economic realities. If it handled COVID with flying colors, then a quarter of slowing sales shouldn’t be too problematic. Its promotions continue to be popular, with the recent Minecraft Movie promotion proving to be particularly successful, driving foot traffic in April according to data from Placer.ai.
Moreover, fast-food specialists keep innovating their menus. For instance, the new McCrispy Chicken Strips are a hot item. The company also plans to return the popular snack wraps sometime this year. Critically, the fast-food giant remains laser-focused on value. It is extending its $5 meal deal through the remainder of 2025.
In the meantime, McDonald’s continues its expansion efforts, with plans to open over 2,000 new locations globally in 2025. It plans to spend $3 billion on capital expenditures this year, signaling confidence in its growth prospects.
Keeping up with today’s hottest trend, McDonald’s is adopting artificial intelligence (AI) to improve operational efficiency. For example, the company is exploring AI to streamline drive-through order-taking, while many locations now feature self-order kiosks that help reduce labor costs. Thanks to its massive scale, McDonald’s can also manage food costs effectively. In the past, it has used its buying power to negotiate lower prices from suppliers. Today, controlling both labor and food costs is crucial to supporting its value-focused strategy and maintaining its leadership position for the long term.
According to Wall Street, MCD is a Moderate Buy based on 15 Buy, nine Hold, and zero Sell ratings in the past three months. MCD’s average price target of $331.48 represents ~6% upside potential over the next twelve months.
Earlier this week, Wells Fargo analyst Zachary Fadem reiterated a Buy rating on MCD with a price target of $350. The analyst expressed optimism after the suboptimal first quarter earnings report, noting that “McDonald’s demonstrated strength in April and maintained its market share gains, with further innovations on the horizon.” Moreover, he believes McDonald’s international growth should help ease macroeconomic challenges.
Meanwhile, Jefferies analyst Andy Barish is bullish on MCD. He has a price target of $360 on its stock and views the company as a “strong performer in uncertain economic conditions, supported by its ability to generate free cash flow and expand its operational margins.”
While McDonald’s first-quarter earnings raise concerns about the company and broad-based consumer spending pressure, McDonald’s seems capable of weathering the storm. Its proactive value strategy, menu innovation pipeline, and technological efficiency initiatives position the fast food conglomerate to gain market share during challenging times, as it has done plenty of times in the past.
The stock’s reasonable Price to Earnings ratio of 27.4, consistent cash generation, stable stock performance (as evidenced by a beta of just 0.39), and a healthy 2.15% dividend yield may appeal to value investors.
Given its proven resilience through economic cycles, MCD may also appeal to investors looking for solid ground amid market volatility. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, should middle-income consumer spending stabilize, McDonald’s could see accelerated growth due to its expanding global footprint and enhanced digital ecosystem. For these reasons, I am bullish on MCD.
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
According to a new Pew Research Center poll, roughly two-thirds (63%) of Americans support the idea of the government increasing taxes on large corporations and higher-income households. Read...
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
(Bloomberg) -- White men no longer make up the majority of board seats at the largest US companies, a historic shift reflecting decades of pressure to diversify the upper ranks of corporate leadership.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsFor the first time, women and non-White m
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.