Title: Gold Edges Higher as Traders React to Expanding Trade War
Date: 2025-04-15 10:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-edges-higher-traders-react-100409757.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Bullion rose to near $3,223 an ounce, just over $20 below the peak set in the first trading session of the week. The US Commerce Department said Monday it had initiated probes into the national security impact of semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports, a precursor to imposing tariffs. The precious metal has rallied by more than a fifth this year as the worsening trade war has damped prospects for global growth, eroded trust in usually-safe US assets and roiled financial markets. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent played down the recent selloff in the bond market, while flagging that his department has tools to address dislocation if needed. Federal Reserve Governor Christopher Waller, meanwhile, said that the inflationary impact of the trade war would be temporary, with interest-rate cuts “very much” on the table in the second half. Lower borrowing costs typically aid gold, which doesn’t pay interest. Leading banks remain optimistic about bullion’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has forecast that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026. Gold may also find support from strong demand in China, the world’s biggest bullion market. As the trade war has intensified, there’s been a surge in speculative trading, as well as inflows into local ETFs. “Yuan devaluation, macroeconomic volatility, and rising dedollarization rhetoric are classic, powerful drivers of gold demand” in China, said Justin Lin, a Sydney-based analyst at Global X ETFs. Globally, “a further rally will likely require a dovish pivot from the Federal Reserve, or clearer signs of a material slowdown in the US economy,” he said. Gold rose by 0.4% to $3,222.92 an ounce at 11:02 a.m. in London. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was little changed after a five-day drop that drove the gauge to the lowest since October. Silver and palladium were steady, while platinum gained. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and UBS Group AG issued another round of bullish calls for gold, with stronger-than-expected central bank demand and the metal’s role as a hedge against recession and geopolitical risks underpinning expectations for even higher prices in 2025.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collectio Gold was struggling for direction on Monday–but analysts are confident bullion's record-breaking run won't let up soon. Futures prices slipped 0.2% to $3,240 in early trading, having surged 8% to hit a fresh record last week. Goldman strategists raised their forecast by $400 to $3,700 an ounce by the end of 2025, arguing gold was "uniquely positioned to hedge recession risk." Gold’s opening price of $3,226.10 on Tuesday is up less than 1% from Monday’s close, up nearly 8% in the last month, and has gained 37% from its opening price one year ago. We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment […] Goldman Sachs raised its end-2025 gold price forecast The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
