Title: Could Coca-Cola Be a Millionaire-Maker Stock?
Date: 2025-04-09 22:59
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/09/could-coca-cola-be-a-millionaire-maker-stock/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=2bc21c5b-78a6-4cc1-abf8-afb43a0b2ebe&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Coca-Cola(KO0.79%)is one of the best-known consumer staples companies on the planet and has an incredible dividend track record. At a time of elevated market volatility, owning a stock like Coca-Cola can help investors sleep well at night. But is buying it today the right decision?
Coca-Cola, with its namesake soda and a host of otherbeverage products, has a global reach and loyal customers. It has an industry-leading distribution network, an industry-leading research and development team, and an industry-leading marketing team.
And while the products it sells aren't exactly necessities, they are affordable luxuries. Consumers tend to keep buying Coke in both good markets and bad ones.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
This is why investors worried about the market's swift decline following geopolitical tax issues might be tempted to add its shares to their portfolios. Indeed,consumer staples companieslike this one tend to be highly reliable when it comes to earnings and dividends. Coca-Cola, for example, has increased its dividend annually for 63 consecutive years, which makes it a Dividend King.
A company doesn't achieveDividend Kingstatus by accident. It requires a strong business model that functions well in both good markets and bad ones.
Notably, its stock has long been a holding ofBerkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett's investment vehicle. Buffett started buying it in 1988 specifically because he liked the business so much. He has added to his position multiple times over the years.
KOdata byYCharts.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
It would have taken as little as $15,000 worth of Coca-Cola at the start of 1988 for the stock to be a millionaire maker (withdividends reinvested). Buffett, however, bought far more than that, and it has been one of his most iconic choices.
That said, 1988 was more than three decades ago, so the stock has had a long time to grow its business. And today, it is much larger than it was way back when Buffett started buying it.
So, could Coca-Cola be a millionaire maker today? The answer is most likely yes, but it is no longer a fast-growing business. Slow and steady is its likely future, given that it takes a lot more to move the needle at a company with a $290 billionmarket capthan it does when that same company had a market cap of around $13 billion in 1988. Annualized earnings growth over the past decade was only about 5%, with the dividend growing at around the same rate.
Coca-Cola is reliable, but it isn't likely to knock your socks off with its growth. Which makes buying at the right price all the more important. As Buffett's teacherBenjamin Grahamwas fond of saying, overpaying for a great company can turn it into a bad investment. Right now, the shares don't look very cheap.
Using traditional valuation metrics, Coca-Cola's price-to-sales,price-to-earnings, and price-to-book-value ratios are all above their five-year averages. The dividend yield is near the lowest levels of the past decade. It looks expensive today.
To be fair, the stock is probably a reasonable place to ride out market turbulence. So it is hard to suggest that buying it would be a mistake. If you buy it at these levels, however, you'll likely need to own it a long time before it turns into a millionaire maker.
KOdata byYCharts.
Coca-Cola is a well-run company, but given its valuation, it probably isn't going to turn you into a millionaire very quickly. But there are other well-managed consumer staples companies that look cheap right now, includingPepsiCo,Hormel Foods, andThe Hershey Company.
All three of these reliable dividend stocks are beaten down because they are facing headwinds. Given their more attractive valuations, though, they are likely to have more long-term appeal for investors who think in decades and not days. The big story with PepsiCo, Hormel, and Hershey is that even good companies go through hard times, and that can open up great buying opportunities.
Which brings the story back to Coca-Cola. Right now, it isn't struggling through hard times and, because the stock is a little expensive, you'll probably want to look at other options if you are hoping to find a millionaire-maker investment.
Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Reuben Gregg Brewerhas positions in Hershey, Hormel Foods, and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway and Hershey. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.