Title: Is Coca-Cola Company (KO) the Best Stock to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen?
Date: 2025-04-08 18:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-best-185102277.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of hedge funds, is the founder of Point72 Asset Management. The firm began managing external money in 2018 following a two-year supervisory restriction imposed by insider trading accusations against Cohen’s former firm, SAC Capital. That said, Cohen’s name isn’t just known within the world of finance. After years of having a small share in the New York Mets, he spent $2.4 billion to buy the franchise in 2020. Since then, his reputation as an obsessive businessman has evolved beyond finance to Major League Baseball. Cohen stated that the future of the US economy moving forward is uncertain, in part due to President Donald Trump’s tariff proposal. Since Trump’s inauguration, economic policy seems to have shifted from threats of import taxes on countries such as Mexico and Canada to last-minute delays when conditions were agreed upon. Meanwhile, the White House seems to have moved forward with its tariff increase on several countries, potentially sparking a tug-of-war with some of the world’s largest economies. Speaking at the FIIPRIORITY conference in Miami back in February, Cohen said the following: “I think this is one of those moments where there’s really a lot of uncertainty and I have pretty strong views here. … Tariffs cannot be positive, I mean it’s a tax. And you can imagine tit for tat if the U.S. does something — it implements a tax on somebody, somebody else is going to perhaps raise the stakes and raise their tax back. Taxes are never positive.” Given the uncertain macroeconomic climate, the billionaire feels the stock market may see a pullback. He expects the US economy’s growth to slow to 1.5% from 2.5% in the second half of the year. The investor said he did not expect a “disaster,” but did expect a significant sell-off as market mood weakened, stating that this is “definitely a period where I think the best gains have been had, and it wouldn’t surprise me to see a significant correction.” Furthermore, Cohen is concerned that Elon Musk’s objective of utilizing DOGE to reduce government expenditure by $2 trillion may result in the largest employment cutbacks in US history. While economists do not anticipate job cuts alone to cause a recession since they are modest in comparison to the broader job market, they do have the ability to reduce GDP growth by a small amount. Our Methodology For this list, we sifted through Steve Cohen’s Q4 2024 portfolio, and narrowed down his firm’s top 10 holdings as of Q4 2024. Additionally, we have mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt. Point72 Asset Management’s Q4 Stake: $360.57 million Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81 The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO), best known for its iconic Coca-Cola brand, is a beverage company that produces over 200 brands, including sodas, waters, coffees, teas, juices, kombuchas, and alcoholic drinks. The firm has 28% of the global market value in its non-alcoholic, ready-to-drink beverage categories, giving it a strong market position. On February 20, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) boosted its quarterly dividend for the 63rd consecutive year. This increase brings the annual dividend to $2.04 per share, up from $1.94 last year. On February 11, Citi analyst Filippo Falorni reiterated his Buy rating and $85 price target for The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO). Falorni’s decision comes after the company’s Q4 2024 performance and predicted profitability in 2025. Since pricing was 9% higher than projected the projected 5.9%, the company’s organic sales growth was 14% higher than the consensus of 7%. Overall, KO ranks 5th on our list of best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. While we acknowledge the potential for KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other stocks in Jim Cramer’s focus. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, commented on the current state of the […] Single-use plastic packaging continues to drive fossil fuel extraction, despite brands’ promises to cut back, according to climate group Stand.earth. For the week, it was down just 0.6% compared to a 7.9% decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI), a 9.1% sell-off in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC), and a 10% decline in the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC).  Here's why Coca-Cola is holding its ground and whether the dividend stock seems worth buying now.  This outperformance may come as a surprise given it is a global company. About 1 in 7 Americans has unclaimed money, and more than $4 billion is returned annually. Gary Locke, Former Ambassador to China, discusses what may happen to the trading relationship between China & the US if the Trump Administration decides to impose a 104% tariff on China Wednesday. Locke goes into detail on how this 104% tariff will affect the prices of goods Americans buy, and make American made goods less appealing to Chinese consumers. He also talks about whether President Trump's reciprocal tariffs will make US trading partners more likely to trade with China rather than the US. Gary Locke speaks with Kailey Leinz and Joe Mathieu on the late edition of Bloomberg's "Balance of Power." We recently published a list of 10 Best Fundamental Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) stands against other best fundamental stocks to buy according to billionaires. As per Fitch Ratings, the US tariffs are now at levels that continue to […] We recently published a list of 15 Stocks with Buy Ratings that Hedge Funds Love. In this article, we are going to take a look at where IQVIA Holdings Inc. (NYSE:IQV) stands against other stocks with buy ratings that hedge funds love. The U.S. stock market has been in chaos ever since President Trump announced […] Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Walmart Inc. (WMT), The Coca-Cola Company (KO) and HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC), as well a micro-cap stock Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock (FRD). We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of hedge funds, is […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
