Title: Top Stock Reports for Walmart, Coca-Cola & HSBC
Date: 2025-04-08 20:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-reports-walmart-coca-203100481.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Tuesday, April 8, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Walmart Inc. (WMT), The Coca-Cola Co. (KO) and HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC), as well a micro-cap stock Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock (FRD). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> Pre-Markets Rocket Up on Overseas OptimismToday's Featured Research ReportsWalmart’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Retail - Supermarkets industry over the past year (+41.8% vs. +40.1%). The company benefits from its diverse business model that spans multiple segments, channels and formats. The company's strong omnichannel strategy has boosted traffic across physical stores and digital platforms. Walmart's emphasis on improving delivery services has been successful, contributing to steady grocery market share gains. Upsides like these, along with growth in the advertising business, fueled fourth-quarter fiscal 2025 results, wherein the top and bottom lines increased year over year, and e-commerce sales surged. However, Walmart’s profitability is being impacted by rising selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, thanks to tech investments, higher wages and marketing. Also, volatile currency fluctuations are expected to further pressure sales in the upcoming fiscal year.(You can read the full research report on Walmart here >>>)Shares of Coca-Cola have outperformed the Zacks Beverages - Soft drinks industry over the past year (+17.9% vs. +1.3%). The company has experienced positive business trends, as evident by its strong track record of beating expectations. In fourth-quarter 2024, the company exceeded sales and earnings estimates for the eighth consecutive quarter, with earnings showing year-over-year improvement. Results benefited from continued business momentum, aided by higher pricing across markets facing intense inflation and favorable mix. Coca-Cola's all-weather strategy -- combining marketing, innovation, and revenue growth management -- supports its vision of a total beverage company and is expected to drive revenue growth in 2025. Coca-Cola has provided an optimistic view for 2025. However, Coca-Cola faces inflationary cost pressures due to higher commodity and material costs, as well as increased marketing investments.(You can read the full research report on Coca-Cola here >>>)HSBC’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Banks - Foreign industry over the past year (+28.5% vs. +8.3%). The company’s strong capital position, relatively high interest rates, global network and business simplification initiatives will keep supporting the company’s financials. As part of its Asia pivot strategy, it is moving away from less profitable markets and has announced the sale of businesses in Germany and South Africa.HSBC has exited retail operations in the U.S., Canada, France, New Zealand, Greece, Russia, Argentina and Armenia. While efforts to strengthen its market share in Asia will support financials, they will likely lead to an increase in expenses. For 2025, the company expects operating expenses to increase 3%. Additionally, the company’s subdued revenue performance -- in light of weaker loan demand amid a challenging macroeconomic backdrop -- is a concern.(You can read the full research report on HSBC here >>>)Shares of Friedman Industries have underperformed the Zacks Metal Products - Procurement and Fabrication industry over the past year (-24.6% vs. -1.4%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $97.38 million has seen fiscal third-quarter sales decline 18.9% year over year. The tubular segment remains weak and high inventory levels pose risks amid steel price volatility. Rising costs and debt burdens could pressure profitability despite hedging strategies and operational efficiencies. Nevertheless, Friedman Industries' sales backlog grew 11% year over year in third-quarter fiscal 2025, signaling stronger demand and potential revenue recovery. Post-election stability has driven increased order activity, with fiscal fourth-quarter sales and margin expansion expected as hot-rolled coil (HRC) prices rebound. Debt fell 9% to $32.5 million, with $99.2 million in available credit supporting operations. Industry tailwinds include a projected increase in HRC prices and rising infrastructure and manufacturing investments. (You can read the full research report on Friedman Industries here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include TotalEnergies SE (TTE), Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) and Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras (PBR).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>> Today's Must Read Walmart (WMT) Benefits from Impressive E-Commerce Operations Coca-Cola's (KO) All-Weather Strategy to Boost the Top Line Focus in Asia Region, Rates Aid HSBC (HSBC), High Costs Ails Featured Reports Expanding LNG & Clean Energy Assets Aid TotalEnergies (TTE)Per the Zacks analyst TotalEnergies' presence in entire LNG value chain and expansion of clean energy generation through joint venture and acquisition will boost its performance. Strategic Buyouts Aid Marsh & McLennan (MMC), Expenses HurtPer the Zacks analyst, numerous acquisitions help Marsh & McLennan expand geographically, boost current segments and develop new businesses. However, rising expenses remain a concern. Petrobras (PBR) Aided by Brazil's Pre-Salt Oil ReservesThe Zacks analyst believes Petrobras' position in Brazil's pre-salt reserves should improve its earnings outlook, but its performance is still highly impacted by global oil price changes. Infrastructure Investments, Clean Assets Aid NiSource (NI)Per the Zacks analyst, NiSource' investment of around $19.4 billion through 2029, will strengthen its infrastructure, and adding more clean assets in generation portfolio will drive its performance. Hungry for MORE strategy Aids Domino's (DPZ), High Costs AilPer the Zacks analyst, Domino's benefits from focus on the Hungry for MORE strategy, digital innovation, strategic partnerships and unit expansions. However, high costs are a concern. Strong Demand for Products Aids The Cooper Companies (COO)Per the Zacks analyst, The Cooper Companies witnessed strong demand for its products across several segments during the first quarter. The trend is likely to continue boosting the company's prospect. Cost Cuts, Acquisitions to Aid Eastman Chemical (EMN)While the company faces headwinds from lower demand across certain markets, it will gain from cost-cutting actions and synergies of acquisitions, per the Zacks analyst. New Upgrades Ubiquiti (UI) Rides on Strong Demand in Enterprise TechnologyPer the Zacks analyst, healthy traction in the Enterprise Technology segment driven by the growing proliferation of IoT devices across industries will likely drive Ubiquiti's top line. Tapestry's (TPR) Strong Digital Endeavors to Boost SalesPer the Zacks analyst, Tapestry has been directing resources toward expanding digital and data analytics capabilities. During the second quarter digital sales increased in high-single digits rates. TripAdvisor (TRIP) Benefits From Tripadvisor Core StrengthPer the Zacks analyst, growing momentum in Tripadvisor-branded display and platform, and Tripadvisor experiences is aiding the company's Tripadvisor Core segment. New Downgrades Sarepta's (SRPT) Dependence on DMD Gene Therapy Sales A WoeThe Zacks Analyst is concerned with the negative sentiments around Sarepta's stock due to the reported death of a patient after infusion with Elevidys. This is likely to weigh on the top line. Knight-Swift (KNX) Grapples With Rising Operating ExpensesPer the Zacks Analyst, high costs related to driver wages, equipment, maintenance, fuel and other expenses are increasing Knight-Swift's operating expenses. This is likely to weigh on the bottom line. Volatile Capital Markets, High Costs Hurt Jefferies (JEF)Per the Zacks analyst, heightened volatility in the capital markets because of ongoing economic and policy concerns hurt Jefferies' top line growth. Also, a steady rise in expenses is a headwind. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (PBR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Walmart Inc. (WMT) : Free Stock Analysis Report Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) : Free Stock Analysis Report HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Friedman Industries Inc. (FRD): Free Stock Analysis Report TotalEnergies SE Sponsored ADR (TTE) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We recently published a list of 10 Best Fundamental Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) stands against other best fundamental stocks to buy according to billionaires. As per Fitch Ratings, the US tariffs are now at levels that continue to […] The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now. The White House is signaling a big boost in defense spending as part of the fiscal 2026 federal budget, and investors are sending defense stocks soaring higher as a result.  Shares of defense contractors including Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), RTX (NYSE: RTX), Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII), General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), and AeroVironment (NASDAQ: AVAV) are all up 5% or more as of 10:30 a.m. ET, while shares of Science Applications International (NASDAQ: SAIC) are up 3%. Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates. The president’s desire to boost production could increase supply, but global unrest will have more of an impact on c-stores’ bottom lines, experts say. The hotel will house 183 luxury suites, courtyard spaces, a function room, and an outdoor swimming pool and spa. Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Berkshire Hathaway and Blackrock have been highlighted in this Investment Ideas article. We recently published a list of 10 Best Fundamental Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other best fundamental stocks to buy according to billionaires. As per Fitch Ratings, the US tariffs are now at levels that continue to transform […] GDRX rolls out a new e-commerce platform connecting users to top retail pharmacies, aiming to boost savings, improve access, and expand its digital health services. The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
