Title: Soda, candy may lose Arkansas food stamp coverage as soon as next year, WSJ says
Date: 2025-04-16 14:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/soda-candy-may-lose-arkansas-141019533.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders is seeking clearance from the USDA to make candy and all types of soda ineligible for purchases under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, starting in July 2026 and the Agriculture Department is fast-tracking such requests from that state and others, reported The Wall Street Journal’s Laura Cooper, Kristina Peterson and Josh Dawsey. Soda, snack and candy makers include Coca-Cola (KO), PepsiCo (PEP), Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP), Hershey (HSY), Mondelez (MDLZ) and Nestle (NSRGY).
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter withTop Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities usingTipranks' Stock Screener.
Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>>
See the top stocks recommended by analysts >>
Read More on KO:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Philip Morris price target raised to $175 from $163 at BofA
Citi adds two, removes two from North America Focus List
Coca-Cola price target lowered to $73 from $74 at Barclays
Dow Jones Index Today: Stocks Drop asTariffUncertainty Continues
4Dividend Stocksthat Could Be Your Life Jacket In This Manic Market
Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index […]
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Biotech Penny Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cogent Biosciences Inc. (NASDAQ:COGT) stands against other biotech penny stocks. Peter Marks’s departure from the FDA has left innovators concerned regarding the current state of […]
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Biotech Penny Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Relay Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:RLAY) stands against other biotech penny stocks. Peter Marks’s departure from the FDA has left innovators concerned regarding the current state of […]
Says “largely complete” on goals of Simplification: Focus on five core interconnected businesses; exit 14 international consumer markets; simplify the organization and management structure; and Culture and Talent: build a winning culture; invest in talent; deliver One Citi (C). Says main priorities for 2025 and 2026 are goals of Transformation: #1 priority; relentless execution; regulatory remediation; modernize infrastructure; data enhancements; and Enhance Business Performance: Maximize unique
Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index […]
Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index […]
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Penny Stocks to Invest in Under $1. In this article, we are going to take a look at where SES AI Corp. (NYSE:SES) stands against other penny stocks to invest in under $1. Earlier on February 12 this year, Chief Investment Officer at Cetera Financial Group, […]
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Biotech Penny Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nuvation Bio Inc. (NYSE:NUVB) stands against other biotech penny stocks. Peter Marks’s departure from the FDA has left innovators concerned regarding the current state of […]
The startup will use the funding to enhance its platform, grow its market presence, and attract AI safety talent.
The most telling figure of this company's future isn't found on any accounting statement.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.