Title: Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) the Best Oil Stock to Invest in According to Billionaires_
Date: 2025-04-15 17:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-best-174210470.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list of the10 Best Oil Stocks to Invest in According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best oil stocks. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy sector is once again lagging behind the overall market. At the time of writing this piece, the broader energy sector has slid by almost 8.2% since the beginning of 2025, against declines of around 7.9% by the wider market. The principal reason behind this fall is the decline in the global prices of oil, which have plunged by almost 14.5% since the beginning of the year. READ NEXT:10 Best Clean Energy Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires The continued uncertainty surrounding the ongoing tariff war and the recent decision by OPEC+ to increase supply in May have taken a toll on the global price, with the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude price now hovering around a 3-year low of $61.5. The US Energy Information Administration (EIA) has forecasted WTI price to average $63.88 per barrel for 2025 before dropping to an average of $57.48 next year. Such a sharp decline in prices could threaten US oil production growth this year. According to data from the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, the US oil industry needs prices between $61 and $70 per barrel to be profitable. The escalating trade tensions between the US and China have also raised the prospect of a global economic slowdown, potentially leading to a lower-than-forecasted consumption of oil. In its latest report, the EIA now expects global oil consumption to increase by 900,000 b/d in 2025 and 1 million b/d in 2026, down by 400,000 b/d and 100,000 b/d, respectively, from its initial forecast last month. The decrease in demand, coupled with increasing production, will continue putting pressure on crude prices, forcing many industry players to cut back activity to maintain investor payouts. The American oil and gas sector is also frustrated by the back and forth trade policies of President Trump and is questioning how they align with his ‘drill, baby, drill’ mandate to further boost production. According to a survey by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, nearly a third of oil executives have stated that their business outlook has worsened since the end of 2024. Moreover, the imposition of the 25% tariff on steel and aluminum has already led to an estimated 4% increase in costs for drilling a well. The pressing issues surrounding the global oil trade have forced the industry to shift focus to its second major source of revenue – natural gas. In contrast to oil, the benchmark US natural gas price at Henry Hub has surged by more than 123% since last year and by almost 18% since the beginning of 2025. The uptick comes as a result of slowing output in 2024, booming LNG exports, and fast-depleting inventories during the coldest winter in six years. Moreover, natural gas has emerged as a leading candidate to power the ongoing AI boom and its accompanying data centers, with many providers now even aiming to surpass utilities and supply directly to these power-hungry facilities.

